Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So huddled in a hot dusty camp in the heat of the end of the dry season. You take a moment to catch your breath and recover from the ideals of rockers tower.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the arrows quiet and still is the morning he begins to grow, you're not alone on these dunmurry planes.
Timothy Sackton: Just to the north trapped in a tower and his own mind. The storm giant frogs are brings an unnatural storm to the planes lightning and thunder ever present the danger of fire reduced here only by the fact that there is little left to burn on this part of the planes.
Timothy Sackton: Summer to the west.
Timothy Sackton: Not far to the west. At this point, a dwarf and the human ride together and 10 silence heading for to cry, where the dwarf will turn south for her people in the Rocky Mountains and the human will turn northwest for her home and chart and returning with news of gotta dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: To the south done Mari ride lashing their companions returning to Carolina with news of the South, unsure of what they will find in the small hometown of the mysteries of sure Kuhn
Timothy Sackton: Have darkness small band of warriors riding across the plains to protect the people and hunt Knowles
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere you hope the thousands of families, leaving their homes and heading last joining the slow march of the citizens of care while hoping to outrun and outlast the new danger of these plans behind the banks of the river heart.
Timothy Sackton: From the east. The dry winds blowing from the blasted plans of desolation of Shabbat bring no news.
Timothy Sackton: As the exhaustion entire of the escape from the storm sink over you.
Timothy Sackton: And as you enjoy a peaceful breakfast resting in the clear morning air.
Timothy Sackton: Memories of your childhood begin to overtake you. And you find yourself beginning to tell a story to these companions because lives he has saved many times over the past month now but whom you still don't really know that much about
Timothy Sackton: So who wants to start
Eric Rosenbaum: I can start
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers crouched brooding grinding two stones together and his fists.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Begins to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: I have
Eric Rosenbaum: Or had
Eric Rosenbaum: The younger brother.
Do not know for certain
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank car was his name. We called him frank, I was thinking of him and in the storm and all those days that he spent
Eric Rosenbaum: Hunting the strange white salamanders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank was a wonderful kid a prodigy whys behind it beyond his years my younger brother, he he memorized the architectural histories, he could draw a diagram of the entire great keep from memory. He was the pride of our parents. Yeah, he was a talent in the rubric magic to he
Eric Rosenbaum: Something that comes along, just once in a generation. He was fluent with the symbols like he was conducting music, but the musicians were the arches of stone around us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank had a dark side to he
Eric Rosenbaum: was obsessed with perfection.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he became obsessed with a game.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange game that he ended minted. It was a kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: Divination, but without the gods. I think away or so he thought to know what lay in the future so that he could never fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a kind of machine made of stone wheels and bits of crystal and gemstone animated by magic, but it was
Eric Rosenbaum: An evil machine. It was like the face of a great clock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clock. He would place at the center, a tiny white Salomon a blind creature of a rare thing, you only find deep underground. It was always hunting these tiny white salamanders.
Eric Rosenbaum: The salamander would enter the clock from its center and crawl about sealed inside seeking away out and around
Eric Rosenbaum: The face of the clock of stone were 12 tiny passages and if the salamander went this one way out, it would be frozen to death. And another way, it would be crushed between
Eric Rosenbaum: Two cleverly arrange stones and a different way and it would be sliced into by a blade and or suffocated or shocked when
Eric Rosenbaum: So on pending on the fate of the salamander Frank would know the future. If the seller mentor is crushed, then perhaps some great crushing weight would come upon him or
Eric Rosenbaum: If he was stabbed, perhaps, there would be a heartbreak, or perhaps some great insight. Who knows if it really worked to tell the future.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank's machine was was a secret from us. You see he carefully hit it from everyone. We only learned about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: One morning, the morning after the night of a great raging storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We found the machine at the very top of the keep high above the mountain all
Eric Rosenbaum: All in pieces.
Eric Rosenbaum: By careful study and reconstruction of it. I determined what it had been and what it's been for or or so I think
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank, my beloved little brother, he was he was gone. That day, we don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where he went and we have not seen him since. The only clue, he left behind.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tiny white salamander burnt to a crisp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long ago was that secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank was only
Eric Rosenbaum: an adolescent at that time. And I just a few years older.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many years has it been since you've seen it.
Eric Rosenbaum: shoot another timeline in my head tin. It's like
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. How did you decide you were
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure I have ready notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm pretty young.
Eric Rosenbaum: See
Eric Rosenbaum: There's the entire timeline.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's my life story timeline.
Timothy Sackton: So you're a 5055
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be like 20 or 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: So like 30 years ago. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just vanished. So he's out there someplace.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it killed him. Maybe he went out in the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd like to think that he's
Eric Rosenbaum: Someplace good
Eric Rosenbaum: I wish I knew.
Mike Sackton: I'm kind of looks down at the food. We're eating it looks over at speaker and says,
Mike Sackton: It's funny how stories of family make you think of home.
Mike Sackton: I remember
Mike Sackton: Many, many
Mike Sackton: Years ago now, when I was a child.
Mike Sackton: The first time.
Mike Sackton: A bake the cake with the fruit of the
Mike Sackton: Tree.
Mike Sackton: You don't
Mike Sackton: It's been a long time since I've been in my homeland and had any of my native food, but as a child.
Mike Sackton: Baking.
Mike Sackton: For my
What
Mike Sackton: Else don't really have big families, I assume.
Mike Sackton: No, yeah, like there would be very few Elven kids at any given time, I assume. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm
Mike Sackton: Baking for the for the elders of of our of our home was my one of my favorite activities they would
Mike Sackton: Children were rare. I was the only only young one of my age.
Mike Sackton: In the town, you know, in our community and
Mike Sackton: You elves. At that time, it was a it was a dark time the
Mike Sackton: The rumors of hub goblins and works. We're moving across the land and this great darkness that she brought was starting to spread and few were interested in the old traditions and the old foods and
Mike Sackton: Keeping to our ways, everybody talked of the outside world and the
The
Mike Sackton: Change that's coming and the end of an age is near. And all I wanted to do is
Mike Sackton: Cook for those folks who
Mike Sackton: I listen to the stories they told and appreciated their wisdom.
Mike Sackton: I remember learning how to cook the sizzle a tree, which not being ourselves, none of you have tasted it, but the fruit itself takes years to mature. And so usually you only get a few opportunities every couple decades to to cook one of these, these cakes and the
Mike Sackton: Honor and importance. I felt as a youngster being allowed to take the fruit and bake. One of the cakes for our celebration was
Mike Sackton: A feeling I miss a feeling of home that really, I have not felt in many, many years. This that was kind of crumbles. The food. This is not the same as the food at home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dealt with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far would it be for you to travel home. How do you know if you still have family left
Mike Sackton: The land has changed. I hear there's mountains where there was used to be ocean and craters where they used to be mountains. I don't know if I could even find him if I tried to go
Mike Sackton: To the Northwest from here, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: North of charted
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: The mountain ranges have changed. I gather
Mike Sackton: I don't even know if my home is still were at was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some I have a feeling we're going to be heading north at some point before this is all over whatever this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I don't know, maybe we'll pass through chart. And I feel like there's a there's a calling, certainly for me to go through there and maybe dealt with through YouTube when you when you pass through.
Mike Sackton: Sometimes they think the
Mike Sackton: Memory of home would be tarnished. If I found what it is now fear, it's
Mike Sackton: A different place or gone
Mike Sackton: I'd almost rather
Mike Sackton: Live in exile then discover that
Mike Sackton: There's no home to return to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel similarly about charted
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a good place for a kid like me in a place like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot of magic but not for everyone, only for folks like this, is it opens for open scroll and I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a feeling we're going to end up there at some point before for long, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you were of the right lineage and from the right family chart in can be a very, very special place, but I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For young people like myself, my friends, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The idea of magic. I think was much more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, dealing with the toxic waste from the light refineries.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeing what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Magic for the elites meant for us and the strange of that after effects from all the experiments that we would see in our neighborhood so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got a lot of mixed feelings about about charting and potentially joining there. But something about it calls to me still, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I think about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My friends from growing up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was about survival. It wasn't about trying to learn scholarship or trying to understand mysteries of nature or consciousness or anything else. I mean, I feel very lucky. Now that I've been able to escape, in some ways,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But there's a terrible imbalance in a place like chart in the terrible imbalance that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think for so many that live there is is a poison is a deep, deep poison a physical poison and also a spiritual one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I'm wearing of these items, you know, hands on kind of glances around it like the mirror and in these other these other tools.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We take magic and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These games of the soul, and these other planes of existence in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ways that we don't fully understand and for results that are horrible for so many people like myself when I was a little boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I worry I worry about the fact that these items are reappearing and I worry about where they're going to end up and the impact they're going to have on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The children like me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who grew up in places where the word families and the word
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Warm hearts to sit around and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feel like you had a home. Even so,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're lucky at least that you had a home at once dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
The
Mike Sackton: Memory sustains me at times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey,
Eric Rosenbaum: I was good, said I, apparently I stopped in Chardin before carola we didn't make anything about that. So we should figure that out. It's important, what I did there.
Timothy Sackton: And yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will, I will say one thing about my youth that I think does connect still with whatever is happening now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think like you to Dublin, I have always had strange dreams. I've shared this with you. But just to say it again, I've always had visions that seem not to be my own or of places that I feel like I did, but have never been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think everything that's happened over the past few months has made
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My perception of reality of whatever this reality might be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seem to shift.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That all feels pretty unstable right now and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I think there were moments.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In my childhood thinking about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These various visions and dreams that I had that almost felt more real than whatever hellhole part of church harder than that I experienced as a young person so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel weird strangely called there. I feel like we are going to end up there. Before long, but I with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I faced that with certain trepidation.
David: Toward the firelight
David: As a child, among
David: The family among my people.
David: It always seemed that the concerns of men and elves and dwarves were alien things
David: To speak of home and imagine going back to it again.
David: Um, my parents told me that until the time I was 10 we never stepped on the same piece of soil twice.
David: We went from one side of the Green Sea to the other.
David: In flat bottom river boats. We went up every river in Santa Barbara, all the way to the mountains back down again.
David: Expense seasons and tolan Samia.
David: Saw the swamps.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one.
David: My great great grandfather was a storyteller and when we'd go from place to place.
David: He would tell us that all places are one place
David: And he would tell us stories of things that happened long, long ago and say that all times, or one time.
David: The season that he died was the same season that my family stopped.
David: Working on new soil, they found a comfortable route.
David: caravan roads between safe cities. It's a good thing for them.
David: But I remember standing on the deck with him that summer and he would look down into the darkness. At the bottom of the waves.
David: And soon in the days before he died, he said that he could remember them that he could remember the specific waves that he'd seen them before. And he greeted them by name like old friends.
David: I spent years
David: going around and around on the roads and learning to shoot and fight and hide and track and scout for my family, my people.
David: But I knew that I couldn't stay there.
David: And I needed to feel new dirt under my feet again.
David: I never understood what he meant when he would say that, that all places are one place
David: But hearing you. Now I understand it better.
David: I'm already home for my people. The road is the home.
David: There's no going back. There's only going forward. That's what he would say,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've seen your family while the
David: Oh, not too long a couple of years now. I came down took my time through some bar and then crust. The mountains. This last
David: Season appropriate to the timeline, but I don't remember right now.
Timothy Sackton: I think that this early spring as soon as the snows that's known as an IP squared is one will be crossed over
Timothy Sackton: To care off crossed over that done, Mara and then traveled the route that the charm hearts travel but before there were demons on that.
Mike Sackton: Have you met an elf any Elvis and you're wondering
David: I've seen elves. But even when you see an elf. They're not always a friendly bunch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See, nothing charted
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And sad spend much time with any though until now that now if you're a pretty good $1
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't know how representative you you are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the rest of the time that
Eric Rosenbaum: Are the behind
Eric Rosenbaum: All the waste.
David: The elves or the model minority in this
World.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, you know, Bella your humor is a little dry. I'm not sure how how that fares compared to the rest of your kind but
Mike Sackton: I would say
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: Humor of
Mike Sackton: Admitted to an alpha is not like a minute to a human.
Mike Sackton: There are many, many, many, many minutes in our life spans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So your jokes are very slow. Is that what you mean.
Mike Sackton: Or you have to be very slow to get them.
David: That's why I find you so funny.
David: I'm very slow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I mean, I think you you've got a better within most jobs that I've seen before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But maybe it's also because you were trapped in another dimension for several hundred years that might have contributed to
Mike Sackton: The humor more the, you know, bitter despair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I suppose the contrast makes everything
David: There's that
David: There's a trademark humor. Again, that's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what are we to do now.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we to do now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Giant fucking mirror all these weird
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Giant with no eyes strange lightning storm. You think she may have closed the portal to another dimension. I gotta dust mother, whatever the hell that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hold up my my notebook. We've, we've got a lot of questions in here and
Eric Rosenbaum: A tiny number of them are now answered, actually. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the questions Seager i'm glad you've been you've been keeping track for us. I feel like I'm pretty lost in confusion at the moment but
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Me too, me too. But
Eric Rosenbaum: We now know that the weird storm to the west of ravens holds that I noted down
Eric Rosenbaum: Must be only days ago but feels like months.
Eric Rosenbaum: What as something that the Centaurs thought was strange. We now know to have been a storm giant trapped by a wizard in tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I see this annotation here. Boom. Mystery Solved I write that somebody wrote that
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: And the mystery of the tainted water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was a summons demon or so we think
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: Got the dust mother.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, to, to be a human woman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's a human woman.
Mike Sackton: How do we know that how
Eric Rosenbaum: Many times that I wrote it down, it's right here in the notebook.
Mike Sackton: And if it's written down, it must be true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did volatile us that
Timothy Sackton: Well, I must have been told to you. That doesn't mean it's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can can can can seeker. Remember what we told them that
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Was that what so so that was false impression from her kept her captors that she that
Timothy Sackton: A god that was a very, very unnatural old human woman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let's pause there for a moment because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever is doing the summoning and interfacing what whatever dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It might be a gotta dust mother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it also seems like a goddess mother and her minions. The, the doppelganger the those creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were they were in search of items they were in search of magic and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, they may have been different than the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Demon seminars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, like it wasn't totally clear if they were working together or not. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems likely that there are multiple factions.
Eric Rosenbaum: In this area.
But
Mike Sackton: The giant also told us or we presume the giant told us that she was after revenge. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta was
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The giant you gotta
Mike Sackton: Wow. I remember I asked the, the voice that spoke to us inside the storm.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, asked it. Who got the dust. Another was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what was the reply.
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to find it. It's not
Mike Sackton: It's not easily accessible and Tim's
Mike Sackton: Notes. I'm trying to find you.
Timothy Sackton: Ask that
Timothy Sackton: You asked it.
Mike Sackton: What is what is
Timothy Sackton: What does a goddess mother want
Timothy Sackton: And the answer was vengeance. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: If she was wronged or so she thinks at some point in the past.
Mike Sackton: But also, can we trust the giant
Mike Sackton: Presumably, that was the giant answering
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Algar I trust.
Mike Sackton: Is for site.
Mike Sackton: Infallible
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think when when he's engaged in this psychosis. It's hard to say what's happening in his subconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spent
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A short time, but also a very long time in communion with his consciousness and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, I trust him but to that particular question. I agree. When he's not himself. It's hard to say.
Mike Sackton: How would he know except through magic.
You know,
Mike Sackton: The magic of the giants is quite
Mike Sackton: Powerful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it seemed as though he's, he was he's been trapped in that tower for, for how long.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hundreds of years hundreds of years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Since before the fall of
Eric Rosenbaum: Drink or the right
Mike Sackton: Right. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, that it. Don't mess. The wizard to trap them was a escaping from the fall of drink or
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right, right. There were those letters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we figure out everything in the letters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should puzzle over those a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is the Kyoto Udon
Eric Rosenbaum: Noodle
Eric Rosenbaum: On Instagram. Just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. I gotta pull up your character sheets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Luna. LUNA Miss players comes up like secret players.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see anybody who's proficient in history.
Timothy Sackton: Can make a history check if you'd like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: But you and and you're really tired, so you have disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no second bro worse than eight
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah, you've not heard of the occult out
Timothy Sackton: The name does not ring any bells to you not does not seem to have been
Eric Rosenbaum: In that letter is addressed to you domus
Eric Rosenbaum: No, not addressed here that says, Tell you don't miss this dress to someone else.
Eric Rosenbaum: And assistant to them as perhaps how do you read it.
David: Every time
David: Someone at the Tower.
David: I read it as being from someone in drink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, yeah.
David: Coming there from drink so
David: I don't know if we'll be
David: Would have this but like I would think that the occult, including this drink or based organization.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worries is just as good
Timothy Sackton: Reasoning out things with anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: He's very intuitive. He's got a higher wisdom.
David: What do we know about the founding of the great library.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no, sorry about that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so, so, Kenzo you. I mean, you don't know. You don't know details. You're never really like a history kid right you you and when you studied with kajsa you are really actually much less interested in drink in
Timothy Sackton: In charge. And then these other occult traditions. But, you know, it would be impossible for you to spend all the time. He did without picking up some details and and you know
Timothy Sackton: Chardin was a small out was originally founded as a small outpost of the drink Korean empire.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: It was sort of the Western western edge of the empire.
Timothy Sackton: Which stretch to the south into the East End to the north and December.
Timothy Sackton: And didn't push too much further north from charting except up along the mountains, but charting was really founded as as kind of
Timothy Sackton: You know, it was originally sort of academic center right it was a
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: A place where where
Timothy Sackton: You know, scholars would would retreat to and was sort of the, you know, far away from the politics of empire, all that sort of thing. Um,
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: It the great library was founded by people fleeing the destruction of empire to try to preserve what was left of the knowledge of drink or
Timothy Sackton: So there's a lot of like mythology and charting about, especially in the Great Library about the sort of you know continuity of knowledge. Going back thousands of years and the Latin to the great library is the sort of the, you know, last remnant of the
Timothy Sackton: Great.
Timothy Sackton: Magical knowledge of drank or and and all of this, right. So, especially within the library. They see themselves as sort of carrying on this this tradition and you certainly would have been exposed to that quite a bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just I just had a premonition that the great library at some point in this campaign is going to burn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Burn it. Let's see.
David: It's a cultural ludin meaningful in any of the languages that
Eric Rosenbaum: Is Latin isn't
Mike Sackton: My ability to read any language, allow me to read what it is.
Mike Sackton: In a language.
Timothy Sackton: Haha That's an interesting question.
Timothy Sackton: So you're already reading this in during Korean and your mind and dread Korean is translating this as mean these letters are written in Japan, Korea and the only one who can read them is dealt with and they're being converted to Elvis in your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Right, then you're translating them to
Timothy Sackton: Comment or done Mari
Timothy Sackton: And this is not being translated as
Timothy Sackton: Your, your mind is interpreting it as a name, not as words that have meaning.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody if somebody does anybody
Timothy Sackton: Know, actually no drink or in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some other to pick it.
Timothy Sackton: Did you are. Wait, do you have a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's why I have a second quantum leap.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you already picked it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, already picked it
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you still have it.
Amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Do it. So okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Um, make a pencil making intelligence check
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, kids, kids.
Timothy Sackton: kids that were disadvantage because they're exhausted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tired. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's even worse here is
Timothy Sackton: You're very tired.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: You feel like, like maybe
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: This you know these words have like you're trying to remember your drink Korean and and what the root forms of words are seems something to do with magic maybe is the best you can get
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll think about it later. I'm pretty fucking tired right now. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe after maybe after a nap.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are
Eric Rosenbaum: Planning to return to Caroline.
Eric Rosenbaum: Expected there.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say we have
Mike Sackton: Not
Mike Sackton: Very long before
Mike Sackton: I'm blanking on her name.
Mike Sackton: Awash is expecting us
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: So we should at some point.
Mike Sackton: We should I think had that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
Mike Sackton: Boom. Now, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: All this talk of the up and down the mountains and West Charleston and south to the desert has got me thinking about the big picture and wondering
Eric Rosenbaum: What is really over there to the east, the
Eric Rosenbaum: Place, you can go. You can hardly speak of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the east, the playgrounds.
Eric Rosenbaum: The plague lands, but the plagues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hundreds of years ago, wasn't it
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You think we should stop there travel for a couple of years and then swing back to
I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely it's a place full of danger and mystery, but
Eric Rosenbaum: All I'm saying is I'm curious.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we don't know what's there.
David: What's your go to Carol. At first, and then travel there for a couple of years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will say this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to get those fucking guys back and I feel like they're Uncharted
Eric Rosenbaum: That would take us. The other way, wouldn't it
It would
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would
Timothy Sackton: Yeah chart and as a bower from where you are now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Months travel
Timothy Sackton: Charging is about 1000 miles northwest.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, a lot more than a month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of what I think is interesting when we get back to Kerala. I'm very curious to hear just to see if there were more attacks and if there are more beasts, because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels like at least we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Destroyed the source of the beasts, at least in this area that ravens hold
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if there are still beasts, then there may be another may there may be other locations where these seminars are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are working their
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their, their magic.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: could well be, in which case, one might wonder, is there some underlying cause, driving are powering all of these evil summoning or seminars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, this is this I think goes back to the question of a Gothic death is just mother's vengeance. You know, is there something that happened that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That caused her to awaken or to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, if you think about it, there's been a lot of weird things that have woken up recently and I'm Kenzo kind of like gives a side nut, not a Dallas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not to mention
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a storm giants waking up after hundreds of years of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Capture
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did wake you up dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't asleep. I was elsewhere.
Mike Sackton: Wasn't a
Mike Sackton: dream world was a physical place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what what got you out.
Mike Sackton: Never been clear to me.
Mike Sackton: Was it my well. Was it someone else's will
Mike Sackton: Was like an endless loop that I was trying to get out of for
Mike Sackton: What seemed to be millennia. And then one day it worked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What worked
Mike Sackton: Trying to
Mike Sackton: Escape, it was not. It was not a
Mike Sackton: Was it active will
You see, what have you learned
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did you learn what agenda.
Mike Sackton: Near So Tim, I forget that. Hold on, let me
Mike Sackton: It was a city called Carson was on the edge of the Hillel me look at our little map here.
Mike Sackton: It was on the edge of the Dharma desert.
Mike Sackton: Guys Garage garage desert. No, it's
Timothy Sackton: Not I'm down there that
Mike Sackton: Come jobs.
Mike Sackton: But it was like race was like, Bear. Yeah, it's like right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's like that stuff happening over there probably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do you see what I mean like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a there's there's some strange things getting woken up right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: There are
Mike Sackton: There are, of course, my last memory of this plane before the Shadow Realm was nowhere near here.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the battle time. I assume the battle. I was fighting in would have been
Timothy Sackton: Another city or homeland too far to the north.
Mike Sackton: Like way up way up here somewhere like way up in the north, you know, in one of those poor desolate places that were surrounded by the army of half a million how goblins, she must summon from a pocket dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. So you somehow travel thousands of miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To end up physically where you are over the millennia.
Mike Sackton: And that I've
Mike Sackton: I've learned it's
Mike Sackton: Too high. It was 200 year. I mean, it's about 200 years right 300 years
Timothy Sackton: 200 200 years roughly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You drop your physical form travel thousands of miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To this strange outposts on the edge of the play glands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you have a reason that you can discern
Mike Sackton: Wow, I
I
Mike Sackton: Almost like I cut my way out of the place.
Mike Sackton: Not, not with any
Mike Sackton: Physical weapon, but he he pulls out his hand in this black sort of shadow appears that you've seen in a fight with but with something like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just feels like these are all connected somehow. But there's something
Eric Rosenbaum: Something I think, I think what underlies it, is it as deep as the
Eric Rosenbaum: Landscape around us.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's been these changes to the very geography of this region, the
Eric Rosenbaum: Mountain ranges rising and
Eric Rosenbaum: Mesa mesas
Eric Rosenbaum: changing shape and
Eric Rosenbaum: Rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: breaking apart in great gashes in the earth, forming all those things within the past couple of hundred years have occurred that
Eric Rosenbaum: The first question. It looks like I wrote down in this notebook or at least
Eric Rosenbaum: First one on a page that's not covered with scrolling of my multi dimensional maps of hypothetical connections between planes of magic dreams and so on is how can
Eric Rosenbaum: The Temple of she couldn't be older than the mesa it's car from
Eric Rosenbaum: I never even formed an inkling of how that could be possible, but surely that
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange change to the geography that we're in is related to the
Eric Rosenbaum: Coincidences that you're seeing Kenza
Mike Sackton: But the geography changed when the age ended, and she died.
Mike Sackton: The world grew and changed and
Mike Sackton: The various very land responded
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so none of those changes are more recent
Timothy Sackton: None of which changes.
Timothy Sackton: The god we're just
Timothy Sackton: The geographic changes are not none of those are more recent
Timothy Sackton: The that all happened roughly at once at the
Timothy Sackton: When, when she died. Um,
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe within a year or something, but not slowly over time.
Mike Sackton: We really should have stopped the plague in high school. I'm not kidding. Like we really should
Mike Sackton: That was a big failure on our part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened with the play.
Mike Sackton: We didn't stop it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you did. I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'd be stopped it from killing everybody but we didn't make it go away.
Timothy Sackton: We didn't clean. Why, but you are all like dead in various ways. Data gods.
Timothy Sackton: That's true. So, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Possibly
David: The gods barrel dead.
Timothy Sackton: That's right. We
Timothy Sackton: Dropped in the little bits of sandbar in history where barrel spends his time.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: That's true, that's true.
David: I think we should return to Carolyn and see what news there is of the
David: Yes, rest of the frontier.
Mike Sackton: We all went to Alaska, if nothing else to report on what we've learned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree, but before we do, I just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a thread here something that's not quite like on the tip of our minds, but we're not quite seeing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What could have happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For all of these things to unfold it all so suddenly right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember the Centaurs as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: They spoke of a tether.
David: Event at each of these places where something has woken up the desert fortner go Matt ravens holds and the tower here agents of the
David: Chart and had been there.
David: But whether that's cause or effect is hard to say, but it's a
David: Difficult coincidence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, in these it interesting point here, raise
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their they. I mean, I think, from from bola, and she may be too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Low in rank to really understand if there's a more sinister
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's true that the that the chart and and the great library is always searching for items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the fact that it got the dust mother's also searching for items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The disappearance of the giants eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shudder to think where those are being used for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should be searching for items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Glad we got this.
Mike Sackton: At the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's talk about the mirror for a second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's talk about the mirror. What the fuck does this thing do again.
Wow.
Mike Sackton: When I asked it.
Mike Sackton: Hold on a second.
Mike Sackton: In apparently was bored and made some sort of molten chocolate cake just brought me a serving
Eric Rosenbaum: Is amazing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky man.
Mike Sackton: What she was looking at like single serving brownie recipes. And I said, You better be looking at to serving bratty recipes
Eric Rosenbaum: Was
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Sorry, I was, I forgot my train of thought. The, the mirror.
Mike Sackton: The mirror lesson I asked the mirror.
Mike Sackton: What did I ask it. It was something trivial and stupid.
Timothy Sackton: Door.
Mike Sackton: All right, and how you open the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and
Eric Rosenbaum: Every time the door to ever been.
Mike Sackton: Every time the doors open.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, look for hundreds of years. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's more but
Mike Sackton: Maybe we could use it again in a day or two or three
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe you can talk something about a goddess mother.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Or like, what did I do with my left sock.
David: Which made your keys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, don't have you're wearing it bigger. I would not, you can ask me those types of questions, but
Eric Rosenbaum: Human error Kenza
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything to do with stocks, at least, I understand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: And it is it. Other times,
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a mirror.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, right now it looks like just a mirror right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it still
Timothy Sackton: Is it still magic. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to face I that
Mike Sackton: Sharp. Yeah, why not.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it is
Timothy Sackton: So you can see the sort of strands of like
Timothy Sackton: You know, divination.
Timothy Sackton: enchantment illusion magic or sort of being. It's almost like it's it's absorbing energy from the surroundings, but
Timothy Sackton: rather slowly here as there's no substantial source of power, where you source of magical power, where you are standing right now.
Timothy Sackton: But it does not seem to be recharged at this point.
Timothy Sackton: So needs to be my charge faster in the tower where it was on top of a giant node.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And maybe
Timothy Sackton: It is charging. It's definitely more magical than when you first looked at it after you after that question. It seemed completely non magical
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What should we asked him next
Mike Sackton: Who is a goddess mother, where is the Goddess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I wonder, it only showed you is that the mirror itself had seen
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That right
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting point.
Mike Sackton: Or Dr. Tao.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did only show you images from its vantage point
Mike Sackton: Tim
Wow.
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, the way the mirror was positioned in the room. Ah, it's hard to tell if you were looking at and and
Timothy Sackton: Like a
Timothy Sackton: Image of something different or a reflection of the door itself.
Timothy Sackton: As it showed you those images.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can you remember dealt with it was a reflection. Is there anything you can remember from any of the images that would let you know that it was a precise reflection as opposed to a different vantage point of the same seen
Em.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, give me. How about a procession jack
Timothy Sackton: With disadvantage.
Because you're exhausted know
David: This conversation in the morning.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then not be a disadvantage anymore for all this shit and I'm gonna think about that Latin phrase to and all that stuff.
We got
Mike Sackton: The one
Timothy Sackton: Is
Mike Sackton: No, I'm stupid tired. I can't see.
David: I think I have to go to bed.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Well, it's like 10 o'clock in the morning. Now you were up all night.
Timothy Sackton: You could just, you know, camp for the day.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's, you can't. It was kind of a blur. And you were
Timothy Sackton: And you were moving quickly at that point. So,
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe, maybe if you got a good night's sleep, you are a couple of good night's sleep. So you'd have a better
Timothy Sackton: Idea, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we rest.
Mike Sackton: I travel a bit before we asked where we should we have important. I mean,
David: The road at least
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I, I'm anxious to return to Caroline.
Timothy Sackton: So if you just head straight south from almost directly due south from here about 160 Miles hundred 70 Miles is care what over the plains, or you could go two days back to the road and then
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Five days back to
Timothy Sackton: terroir so it'd be a bit faster to go over
Mike Sackton: Over. Let's just, let's just go over when
Mike Sackton: I say we travel for five or six hours.
Mike Sackton: Make early, early camp.
Mike Sackton: Get some rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have, we have horses, we have four horses. Horses
Timothy Sackton: You have three horses, because he gave one to Viola and your horses are heavily loaded with everything you've taken from the various places the
Eric Rosenbaum: Bells. It's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we've liberated.
Timothy Sackton: That you've liberated from the done Mari for it and the
Timothy Sackton: Train cornea and tower and everywhere else. There's, I mean, there's the hobgoblin armor, there's
Eric Rosenbaum: Block of adamantium
Timothy Sackton: A giant block of adamantium, there's a huge mer. There's like a wall mirror. There's
Timothy Sackton: You know coins, there's
Timothy Sackton: You know, lots of stuff piled on your horses, you're not you're not writing on your horses, you're, you're walking on beside your horses, as they carry all this crap.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: In yeah you takes you a little while to, like, you know, get everything situated in such a way that the horses can can really carry everything and all the
Timothy Sackton: Load is balanced and all of that.
Timothy Sackton: And you turn to head south sort of stumbling tired, just trying to get a you know a half day or a day as walk in before you collapse.
Timothy Sackton: And sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One question secret. Do you see any any lines any magical energy nearby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, out of habit I pull my
Eric Rosenbaum: homie glass.
Mike Sackton: You should try the other ones on my
David: Forehead, yeah. What did the other ones do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, well first I can't
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, your, your camps.
Timothy Sackton: Your camp, sort of in the same camp you that bola setup, just south of the tower. So the same sort of configuration of
Of ley lines that you
Timothy Sackton: That you saw before, where there's, you know, one
Timothy Sackton: Coming sort of from the east heading into the tap into the storm, and then another one coming from the running north south heading into the storm to create the large node that was under right where the tower was
Timothy Sackton: But there's not nothing else obvious here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're traveling south road alone, one of those little princess or near it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it doesn't run directly north, south, so you'd be traveling a little west of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a lovely line map Tim like your own Lou Adler
Timothy Sackton: I probably should make wine instead of just having a pile of notes.
Mike Sackton: There you're getting something up that contradicts with what you've made up.
Timothy Sackton: Before. Yeah, well, but they also don't run. I mean, so they don't run, they go down into the surface of the earth, and they come back up. So they're not. It's not like when a landline runs it runs straight across the entire twist. Right.
Mike Sackton: There also magic. So, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there in the sky like are they are they like up above us and stuff too.
Timothy Sackton: That'd be cool that they could be
Timothy Sackton: Seeker would seekers experience of ley lines is very connected to your ability to sense
Timothy Sackton: Geology and rocket and minerals and your earth sensibility and so I don't know what a seeker would have a very easy time perceiving
Timothy Sackton: You might, it might be tricky for you to notice that a ley line shot off into the sky, instead of just kind of vanished under the earth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh my god, that
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: Very much can shoot off into the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's let's give these a try. So I, I take out from a pouch.
Eric Rosenbaum: These purple Jim lens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Goggles
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as you put them on. Um, the
Timothy Sackton: The, the world around you, seems to
Timothy Sackton: Like, everything's blurry and and a bit out of focus. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Like it's can't really see far across the landscape like
Timothy Sackton: Your, your vision looking, you know, out across the plains is it's it's almost as if you're wearing sort of like out of, out of, you know, the wrong prescription or out of focus glasses or something so that you look. Everything's blurry.
Timothy Sackton: But it's a bit of a weird effects like right close to you.
Timothy Sackton: It seems fine but but once you get 1015 feet away, everything's sort of starts to get blurry and out of focus.
Timothy Sackton: And everything has this sort of this sort of purple you
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of looking out across the plains.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything looks a little blurry in purple. I look
Eric Rosenbaum: up into the sky, since we were just talking about that.
Timothy Sackton: That's even worse. It just looks like a flat purple expanse like you can barely. I mean, there's no clouds in the sky. Anyway, but it does seem to predict your eyes from the sun.
Eric Rosenbaum: I looked on down into the earth.
Timothy Sackton: The Earth itself is also blurry but you do notice that your, your boots are in sharp focus
Eric Rosenbaum: Boots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Read about a magical
Timothy Sackton: Now there's nothing weird about your boots, but you can note you notice all the sort of little details like
Timothy Sackton: You know, you notice that your, your left boot.
Timothy Sackton: has worn slightly more than you're right.
Timothy Sackton: There's a, you know, in the leather and the
Timothy Sackton: Leather sort of bindings and that and this and the metal rivets that you know you lace them with there's something that's cracked that you're probably going to want to fix at some point in the next few months before it whereas through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think you're gonna try this on.
Eric Rosenbaum: A
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I take them off and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, what do I see like look around. They've got down to look around.
Timothy Sackton: At same thing. It's sort of this fuzzy purple background.
Timothy Sackton: Except when you happen to like catch you know you're
Timothy Sackton: At you know the sleeve of your robe, or like the end of your staff and then it seems to be hyper focus
Eric Rosenbaum: I think these glasses may help us details and clues in things. Maybe we should look at some of the artifacts. We've recently collected
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: So the mirror is in. Yeah, it's as soon as you look at the mirror. It's almost as if you're being drawn towards that it's in sharp focus
Timothy Sackton: You can feel
Timothy Sackton: You know, almost as if the the goggles or the lenses are sort of trying, or like almost like trying to zoom in on pull you towards the mirror itself.
Timothy Sackton: You can see fine details so you know it's a it's a silver mirror so the frame around it is all made of silver, but then it's been lying to the wood. And you can see a few places where there are
Timothy Sackton: Ah, bits of the. So the word is mostly faded and and cracked off but a few places where the bits of what there seems to have been like a almost like a detail of a name sort of carve like a nameplate like this and would at the top.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that the that the silver work along the sides of the mirror is extremely elaborate I'm
Timothy Sackton: Twisting
Timothy Sackton: Almost like Moebius strip motifs that we've done around the sides there the reflective surface itself is incredibly finally polished
Timothy Sackton: You know clearly magical in that there's no imperfections whatsoever and the the thing that is reflected in the mirror is, you know, sort of perfectly
Timothy Sackton: reflected by at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the name
Timothy Sackton: So all you can read is a is that he and I, you, the rest has fallen off.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't. You don't miss
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I take a look at the like is basically is this thing like helping us look at our own magic items like is it tech magic or something like I like what other oh yeah like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you're saying like that the end of my staff, like the, you know, does it are the items that we have that are like the horn like I take out the horn. My, my, my horn. What does that look like
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So the
Timothy Sackton: The horn is
Timothy Sackton: So like the
Timothy Sackton: So like the mirror. When you look at the horn and you could you can see these fine fine details.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: So it's carved with this. Running Horse design and now looking at it in these these glasses. You can see the age, the sort of patent of were on it. I'm suggesting that this is
Timothy Sackton: This is all this is you know hundred 200 years old.
Timothy Sackton: Um, you can see that the the way that the
Timothy Sackton: Shape of the horn has been carved but amplify them Devin sound. And so, you know, the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of tune that it would produce is
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: You can sort of imagine would be, you know, particularly
Timothy Sackton: Unique based on based on this design. Sorry, I'm just, I'm looking something else up while you're while I'm talking about this, um,
Timothy Sackton: Basically, you get this. I mean, you're, you're sort of, can it help you know your
Timothy Sackton: It lets you pick out fine detail so i mean the the basic fact is if you make if you're wearing the goggles and you make a, um,
Timothy Sackton: Any intelligence are kind of checks to figure something out. You can do so with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: But, but you also get the sense that's not all.
Timothy Sackton: That's not all they can do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, can I make an ARC. ARC on a tech check and look more closely at the horn to try to figure out what it does.
Timothy Sackton: Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet are we still all fucking tired and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: No, you haven't even left yet you're still
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, we
Eric Rosenbaum: Were like
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, when weird glasses and like staring at the back.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we
Mike Sackton: Why don't we like advance the time quickly so that we get rid of our disadvantage and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then do this. Let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you said off heading south across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it is
Eric Rosenbaum: A the goggles on, lonely. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you you can like your horses, leaving you at this point because of the goggles on, you can't really see more than 10 feet in front of you, right, like the landscape is all blurry, and you know
Timothy Sackton: So you had South
Timothy Sackton: You are extremely tired and going as slow and it's hard to
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to make a ton of progress. You know, every sort of brief little rise of the land feels like hiking up a mountain.
Timothy Sackton: And so by after lunchtime. You've only made it, you know, a handful of miles. And as you press on into the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Um, you come over a rise.
Timothy Sackton: And see
Timothy Sackton: In the distance, maybe
Timothy Sackton: A few hundred feet away. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: cloud of dust.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody traveling on the planes.
Timothy Sackton: To too far away to see exactly who or what it is, but there
Timothy Sackton: Seemed to be heading from
Timothy Sackton: East to West so heading across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: towards the west.
Eric Rosenbaum: Switch to my other goggles.
Timothy Sackton: Straight role, no disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: So as you crouched down and sort of looked to the spyglass at this, this
Timothy Sackton: Small group of what seemed like people heading not directly for you a few hundred feet south of you, but heading west across the plane. You can see that the creature and the person in the front is
Timothy Sackton: Badly amazing seated know
Timothy Sackton: It's a, it's a
Timothy Sackton: Scarred body looks like it hasn't eaten in
Timothy Sackton: Six, seven days or more, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Carrying over his shoulder this big flail
Timothy Sackton: And seems determinedly heading to the west occasionally like looking around sniffing I'm getting down on the ground, trying to follow something
Timothy Sackton: And trailing behind it are five
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's not, you're not even sure you would call them Knowles anymore. Their skin and bones more bones than anything else. Um, some indeed seem to be entirely bone like almost skeletal
Timothy Sackton: Also moving slowly behind it, as it as they sort of had west in desperate search of food.
Timothy Sackton: They don't seem to have noticed you at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Does it look like it's tracking food or tracking. Is it is it
Mike Sackton: Santa's gonna say it's not like following a specific trail is it
Timothy Sackton: Now, wow, it's hard to tell but
Timothy Sackton: That's not your immediate impression
Eric Rosenbaum: Their trajectory isn't such that they would have crossed paths with was an invalid. Is it
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean resident follow on horse and
Timothy Sackton: Are heading and didn't stop for a short. I didn't stop for a short rest so
Timothy Sackton: Would be, and we're heading more west to get to the
Timothy Sackton: The follow this this river.
Timothy Sackton: The upper reaches of the of the Ohio River down to toe crime. So now probably would not doesn't look like it would they would cross
Timothy Sackton: Full and raise when
David: Should we take them at
Eric Rosenbaum: Least
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we still exhausted.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: How far away are they
Timothy Sackton: Like maybe at this point now about 200 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we hidden from them.
Timothy Sackton: You're at the sort of top of a rich
Timothy Sackton: They're not really a rich, just like there's like occasional rolling hills rolling terrain, sort of like in the back of my ex picture, you've just come over the sort of edge of a of a
Timothy Sackton: Arise, if you retreat back 20 feet, you'd be out of the line of sight, they wouldn't be able to see you at all where you are standing right now you are certainly not invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, that we roll back. Are we making a desk plume is we travel we're going slow. Right.
Timothy Sackton: No, you're not at right now. Now there are moving quickly across the plane in search of something you are limping along exhausted and tired at a walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many of them are there again.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: Six total
Timothy Sackton: One like like bigger one in the front and then five that look
Timothy Sackton: Skeletal or nearly skeletal
David: Glance at the other three of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they're on foot.
Timothy Sackton: There on Friday. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: They could no doubt chases down is an escape from them.
Timothy Sackton: They could easily chase you down because all your movement is have because you're exhausted.
Mike Sackton: I will when, when will be knock scenario I will ready a I'll just by you'll see like crackling lightning start to form around that was sand and already
Timothy Sackton: Your
Mike Sackton: Current student is there with 120 feet. I'm LJ blasting the leader.
David: Well, we will say to his XP.
David: Very shortly, like now you stay back. This is very dangerous. It's important for you to stay
David: Safe. So you get you get clear and then he'll turn into the weakest looking one
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, well, I'm going to use the healing mud or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: They're not gonna get close to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Weapons
Mike Sackton: What could you guys
Mike Sackton: catch their eye was brother back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got especially from this. This is easy.
Timothy Sackton: So they're as they, um,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, where was, Where is this, um, as they
Timothy Sackton: So as your sort just sort of standing here not you know
Timothy Sackton: Making any attempt to get back behind the
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I have been okay seekers hiding the docking back, um, you know, there. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You know, they're they notice you at this point, standing on the top of the ridge and I'm though, the one on the front sort of points, and they all became running in your direction but
Timothy Sackton: They do not seem to nobody's shot a missile at you yet.
Timothy Sackton: Can you can you all roll initiative with disadvantage because you're exhausted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm only one is. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's still gets the disadvantage john initiative.
Mike Sackton: I wrote
Mike Sackton: I wrote to 20 cent metaphor, but I'm not gonna I'm gonna drop my for I wrote to 20
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, I see that. So you get
Eric Rosenbaum: Easy.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I am at
David: At 16
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, you guys are rolling like
Timothy Sackton: For a while with disadvantage and
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo as a 10
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so yeah down with your first as soon as they're
Mike Sackton: Hired 20 feet.
David: Okay, just, are they
David: Willing that
Timothy Sackton: Distance this rather 120 feet.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wow. That goes my good role.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you don't have disadvantage on attacks.
Mike Sackton: I only wrote one cycle got a nine.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I know attacks but
Mike Sackton: My good rolling in general did not carry forward on to that attack right
Timothy Sackton: I'm your outreach blast flies wide as seeker standing behind the hell I'm runs up to
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet away.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I don't think any of my spells can go that far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: aways, a question. Do we do a short rest at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We short rested, but we did not long rest.
Timothy Sackton: So click the short rest button to get all your key back
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, where is that
Mike Sackton: It's at the top.
Bar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. And if you wanted to roll his eyes, that's fine too.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, oops, I did it twice backs. And actually, that's good. I'll do, I'll take two that's 14
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I add four points back
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, alright.
Have a gimmicky back
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: So I will
Eric Rosenbaum: sniff the air with my finger. Test the winds swing the crossbow wildly in the air in front of me and pull the trigger.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Bad Mrs as your boat flows flies wide and the one in the front. Now I'm you know
Timothy Sackton: Looks around. And this one is a although emaciated and um and damaged and, you know, seems to have not eaten it for some time, and certainly more put together than the like skeletal ones following at and pulls out this large slave
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Charges
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet, half the distance to you, um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see. Well, the and as it's running forward well be.
Timothy Sackton: Our hopes up to
David: That's the only one within 80 feet. Is that right,
Timothy Sackton: That's the only one with an 80 feet. Yes.
David: All right, well, I'll start to look at my to companions. Both of his shots when slide and
David: And shoot
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: L. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You don't wait, you don't have advantage.
David: Yes, steady aim.
Timothy Sackton: Because you're not moving. So yes, you had
David: Oops damage.
Timothy Sackton: Just click on where it says short Bodo will damage for you.
David: But for
Timothy Sackton: 14 so while be taking a moment to just carefully position himself.
Timothy Sackton: snickering at his companions who are shooting wildly places a arrow directly in the like in between the, the length of this Knowles chain shirt and it like snarls and and rears back
Timothy Sackton: As then coming up behind the
Timothy Sackton: Five amazing created skeletal know us all also charge
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Arriving at. So now, everybody is
Timothy Sackton: Within 60 feet of you.
Timothy Sackton: Bringing us to Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will look for my darts are plenty
Timothy Sackton: Open. So that means 60 feet has disadvantage. You can shoot up to 20 up to 60 feet, but you have disadvantage. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't shoot a dart at the
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The disadvantage is that the role of us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you just hold down
Timothy Sackton: I forget which button as you can auto disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: So 12 no sorry your dark also flies wide as
Timothy Sackton: Well, other than while these carefully aimed arrow, this, this, these creatures are weaving and dodging and because of that, it's, it's quite difficult to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blah. Blah.
Timothy Sackton: Blah, blah, blah. Yeah, okay. Ah, so that brings us back to Dallas.
Mike Sackton: Well, they're still 60 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: That's better.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Mike Sackton: But I only did two damage.
Mike Sackton: Um, you know, I think, is the guy, and I'm going to Pax, Pax, the guy in the front.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: No ad for
So,
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Total. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, hold on a sec here. Sorry guys, I just got to do one thing.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, I was muted a
Eric Rosenbaum: The big guy with the glaze job.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he touching a is he wearing or holding anything middle is the place
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the grave is Madeline and his
Timothy Sackton: Chain shirt is mad. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, to ensure you mentioned that. But he's been wounded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah look like he's like almost dead or
Timothy Sackton: No, he does not work almost dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: conjure the
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, are they clustered such that if the any two of them are 10 feet less than 10 feet apart.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah, not the not the like main one, but the
Timothy Sackton: The, the clump of the, of the, like, skeletal looking ones in the back, you could get two of them are within 10 feet of each other. For sure. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to crouch underneath the horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: So as to hide a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: in case someone swinging a pole arm runs into our midst, which could happen any second now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I conjure
Eric Rosenbaum: The image of an explosion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shatter
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh there and they're within 60 feet. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I position it between to the Knowles
Eric Rosenbaum: And a painfully loud.
Eric Rosenbaum: Burst of sound splits from between them.
Timothy Sackton: So as
Timothy Sackton: As it explodes. You just what does that 13 damage you blow.
Eric Rosenbaum: It a save also
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they both failed their save so you blow. Two of them just two pieces. The two there's sort of two that are have run up the the fastest. Um, and they're sort of clump together and you just place your
Timothy Sackton: Shadow right next to them and that you just see there. These are like some of the more amazing ones. They're. They're basically skeletons and they just, you just see them completely blown to pieces.
Timothy Sackton: As they sort of disintegrate as the air explodes around them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see it ran 60 okay so this, this one will run another
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet. Sorry 50 feet. So it's now standing about 10 feet away from Kenzo and dal with who are sort of in the front with it's
Timothy Sackton: Messing with its place.
Timothy Sackton: While being
David: A I think I'll shut to it. It's not too late to surrender and then shoot it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: I'm that
Timothy Sackton: Just hits
David: 15
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know,
Timothy Sackton: So now with two arrows sticking out of it.
Timothy Sackton: The other non shattered.
Timothy Sackton: No skeletal creatures rush forward now.
Timothy Sackton: To standing next to doubt with one next to
Timothy Sackton: Next to Kenzo as they're beginning to surround you.
Timothy Sackton: And now it's Kansas turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how far. Oh, actually. Oh man, I do the thing where I can tell how many points out,
Timothy Sackton: So that takes that takes some action, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it may not be the best choice at this moment.
Timothy Sackton: But there's two of them. Two of the scalpel ones are within. Sorry. I mean, and you could you could move to reach any of them in melee combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I'm going to use
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The fist of planar power is not directed at wonders that of explosion read
Timothy Sackton: That one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On yeah I'll do, I'll the fist up later power at the other that the boss guy.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So he gets a strength save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: So as you just twist the air crack slightly as this streak of blue, almost as if the world, the world itself is folding.
Timothy Sackton: folding up as this line of energy races out from from Kenzo as the boundaries between the planes are slightly twisted that
Timothy Sackton: This big know is caught completely unaware as this just strikes straight into I'm knocking him backward and to the ground. As he falls dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The moment this happens was was tips, even though there are no guns.
Timothy Sackton: The skeletal know that's closest to you just kind of rears up and lunges at you with it. Bite.
Timothy Sackton: cans are doing six points of damage as it in reaction to this.
Timothy Sackton: To your strike it just sort of tears into you. I'm down with the other, the one that's next to you, does the same thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, ripping to bite into you.
Timothy Sackton: As you just dodge back out of the way and then the, the other one that's next you down with swings on
Timothy Sackton: With its club which. What's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 17 which you catch on the edge of your shield as they all sort of rear up in
Timothy Sackton: In reaction to this, the death of the
Timothy Sackton: Of their
Mike Sackton: Their
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to you.
Timothy Sackton: There's
Mike Sackton: Free right around me three. Wow. For ones left.
Mike Sackton: And they're all nearby. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And the leader just died.
Timothy Sackton: The leader just died. All right.
Mike Sackton: I will use a bonus action. Oh wait, there's two right next to me.
Timothy Sackton: To right next to you.
Mike Sackton: I will cast green flame blade.
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: My
Mike Sackton: My blade glows with the green my sword that I summon up my status or goes with a green flame along the blade and I stab at one of them doing a 11 damage.
Mike Sackton: And then
Mike Sackton: The one next to it takes
Mike Sackton: Takes for damage.
Mike Sackton: The flame we
Mike Sackton: Had the one I hit to the other one.
Timothy Sackton: The one, the one that you hit with your sort of the sort of dark energy of your sword turns flaming for a moment. I'm just burst into flames as the strike and the the forest of those burst leaps to the second one, who then like turns sort of yelping ah
Timothy Sackton: As seeker Europe.
Timothy Sackton: So that was a ones dad does to standing now one next to down with one next to
Timothy Sackton: Ken's out
Eric Rosenbaum: Which one is closer to me.
Timothy Sackton: The one next to Ken's I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: compose a short essay on the topic of neural ancestry.
Eric Rosenbaum: In relation to poor academic achievement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vicious mockery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Psychic damage of one points appropriately.
Timothy Sackton: Um, but he has disadvantages next attack. Ah, so that brings us to. Well, Dave.
David: I will
David: Kill the next thing that there is to kill
Timothy Sackton: That's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is so advantages.
Timothy Sackton: And that that kills that
Timothy Sackton: This
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're like, you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're like the most valuable offensive weapon we have while the
Timothy Sackton: Long as nobody gets close to him.
David: Right. Then I quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should have
Eric Rosenbaum: A sneak attack is pretty
Nasty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nasty.
Timothy Sackton: Although you just did 18 points of damage and when it one blow.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, who may true yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that was pretty pretty badass, but
Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: And made one of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somewhat upset.
Timothy Sackton: Someone else that one. Now I'm
Timothy Sackton: leaps to bite at Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: And fails.
Timothy Sackton: Distracted by the
Timothy Sackton: The echoing taunts of know trying to understand what the word ancestry means
Timothy Sackton: gets confused.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright Enzo takes this quarter staff repair to deliver a smashing blow to this dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And its
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Massive then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of that up with a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Flurry of blows, which
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: So one more. You got two attacks with Florida bless
Timothy Sackton: You. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so between those two strikes.
Timothy Sackton: Fans are does enough to take out the last scalable know who just kind of Crumbles to the ground beneath you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that was eventful
Eric Rosenbaum: Next time, remind me to make a little wall in front of us, so they can actually run up and bite us
Um,
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that and let well be killed them all from a distance.
David: I feel good about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel good about this too.
David: I like Wait, we didn't really have any closure with the giant it's nice just to be able to kill something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, you're really good at killing things with that damn arrow. Dude, I don't like in Britain, you know, Kenzo like points this like dashing wound on his shoulder, from where the know bit him in the shoulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: You
You have
Timothy Sackton: Quicken healing. You can spend two key points to heal Wendy four plus two.
Timothy Sackton: If you have to, you might not have two key points left
Eric Rosenbaum: But we should probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: At this point,
David: We could do this a few more times. Still, are there any other disciplines in the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: Now seems quiet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many points do I get back to
Mike Sackton: Wendy four plus
Timothy Sackton: Windy four plus two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Full me just try something here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is
Timothy Sackton: Quite useful really key points, you don't have enough key points left
Timothy Sackton: Because Flurry of blows is one and
Timothy Sackton: Quick and healing is to, or sorry, festive planner powers to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you only have one left.
Timothy Sackton: But like in the future. That's worth keeping in mind that you can heal yourself that way.
Cool.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you know, there's nothing on the plains for a ways, right. Can I mean what time of day is it
Timothy Sackton: Like mid afternoon. Now, you could just set up camp here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, maybe we should
Eric Rosenbaum: Be good for
Eric Rosenbaum: Him. Yeah.
David: We'll get a little distance from the bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, speaking of the bodies I scroll over to look at the at glade guy with the purple goggles on.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: He has a he has a claim it's not in very good shape. It seems to be be crudely made you can see the actually the crack in the in the sort of top of the blade.
Timothy Sackton: You know, two more bottles on this thing would probably be trash.
Timothy Sackton: One more, one more good block like I'm like dealt with dead with his shield and this thing would probably shatter. You can see the. You can see the weak points running through the metal
Timothy Sackton: With the goggles on.
Timothy Sackton: But it has no sort of notable history or magic to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other interesting positions on the bodies of these guys.
Timothy Sackton: And wow, five of them are more or less skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: To two are literally skeletons, there's hardly any flash left on them. The other three look like they're halfway there.
Timothy Sackton: The, the, the one is the leader. Yeah. Nothing particularly notable and they don't tend to carry much
Timothy Sackton: There's no
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's no
Timothy Sackton: Obvious like patches or or
Timothy Sackton: Or treasure or anything like that, um,
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they seem. This seems to have been a group that has been has
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: If you can call it that, for Noah has fallen on hard times.
Timothy Sackton: Whether due to your actions that ravens hold or for some other reason is not entirely clear.
Mike Sackton: I they coming from. I mean, it does the line of their travel seem like they're coming from. If it's all
Timothy Sackton: Know Your, your oh
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If you just do a straight line from here to
Mike Sackton: Where, where are we
Timothy Sackton: Say you're like your rate here you'd actually be pretty much directly hit ravens hold
Mike Sackton: So they could easily be like last starving knows wandering off from
Mike Sackton: And their skeletal, just to be clear there skeletal in the we don't have food sense, not in the we are slowly turning into on Dead's
Timothy Sackton: More in that we are slowly turning into undead.
Timothy Sackton: Sense. Now, we don't have food sense or or in
Timothy Sackton: Here in the we ate ourselves because there was nothing left to eat sense but still
Timothy Sackton: animating power.
kept us from Diana.
Mike Sackton: Jeremy. Oh, totally timber topic, Tim, but momento, but getting vaccines on a week from tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: Through the New Hampshire hack.
Mike Sackton: That well because we have a house, New Hampshire, and New Hampshire's apparently more functional than
Massachusetts
Mike Sackton: New Hampshire.
Timothy Sackton: They put that as their address,
Mike Sackton: Is already vaccinating 65 yeah
Mike Sackton: Because the mass is like the worst vaccine rollout in
Mike Sackton: Many places except for
Well yeah 40 is apparently
Mike Sackton: glasses off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Her first shot two days ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Books, or both, or both, you know, health workers. So they're actually both getting the vaccine soon.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Um, so as you set up camp here.
Timothy Sackton: sleep for the night. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So so long rests. So that will cure one level of exhaustion, you'll need to sleep again before you get back to completely no no negative effects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For they will I am I am already
Timothy Sackton: You're fine. Yeah, Kansas, fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, so
Eric Rosenbaum: Which I should do longest
Mike Sackton: Yeah. What do you call it.
Mike Sackton: The one red button. Click the button that says
Timothy Sackton: Record number one level of
Timothy Sackton: Adoption. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: The morning of April 17 April 17
Timothy Sackton: So almost exactly a month since you first met
Timothy Sackton: Whereas
Timothy Sackton: Thought I had exactly when you
Timothy Sackton: Oh, three days short of short of a month from when speaker arrived.
Timothy Sackton: Arrived in Cairo. If
Timothy Sackton: The sun rises over the planes.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Let's see that took you
Timothy Sackton: So that was safe miles.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just see how long it's gonna take you
Timothy Sackton: So over the next
Timothy Sackton: Well, say roughly six days.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Over the next six days you up if there's anything you want to do while you're traveling totally happy to play it out, but in the interest of advancing the plot, I'm
Timothy Sackton: also happy to
Timothy Sackton: Just move forward. So do and take another long grass to clear your conditions.
Timothy Sackton: Over the next six days you
Timothy Sackton: Slowly labor as we make your way across the plains picking up speed.
Timothy Sackton: As the
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to recover from the ordeal of the of the tower and, you know, find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Energetic and and ready to be back in Carolina I'm
Things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of these nights. After we get our long rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should look again. You should try to think again though with about mirror. And if it was, if it was a reflection of the mirror or if it was something else.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so, so for in the interest of
Timothy Sackton: simplicity let's the night before you arrive back and Cara. Let's just push everything on to that one night.
Timothy Sackton: Great. So yeah, that that's what I'm getting to um
Timothy Sackton: So after six days on the plains on the
Timothy Sackton: April 23 now a month and a day after you all met in Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: At the occasion of the hyena attacks on the town.
Timothy Sackton: You find yourself now about half Day's Journey North of Kerala camped in a sheltered spot along the old trade road riding east west.
Timothy Sackton: East leading past go Matt to the chasm in the desert to the fort where you fought your first battles and encountered kaka trees does an undead last towards toga the monastery of
Timothy Sackton: Luck, and Miss die where Kenzo spent years in training and eventually on towards chart and then hopefully in that direction, the fields of refugees who have fled from these planes.
Timothy Sackton: And are now and camped outside of took off as you've traveled south the land has gotten dryer and dustier
Timothy Sackton: More desert like less more rocky poor sandy soils last grasslands and by this point, you are now camped in what is a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of sheltered shady rocky area where you know one or two scrub trees grow, but the grass you left the last grass behind two days ago.
Timothy Sackton: And the last extensive vegetation
Timothy Sackton: This afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Based on your experience and your knowledge of the land you expect that by lunch tomorrow you will be arriving and Carol.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does anything I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: making note of ley line changes as we go.
Timothy Sackton: They're going to force me to make a map of ley lines. I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers job seekers working on his map of
Timothy Sackton: The seeker is working on his own map so of
Course
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so this the sort of central part of the the
Timothy Sackton: The planes is not a area of intense magical activity. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: There is one lane line that that runs kind of slightly parallel to the road for a little distance like basically right here and then sort of drifts veers off Northeast and Southwest, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't see where you said here.
Timothy Sackton: Here meeting here where you are camped
Timothy Sackton: Okay, right. So along the way. So, this this road here is the like old trade road.
Timothy Sackton: think it'd be camp somewhere like here, right. So,
Timothy Sackton: Just, just north of care.
Who
Eric Rosenbaum: Knew but there isn't one like leading towards Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: Well you know that there are several that cross in Cairo others a node under the red Mesa there but they must come up from underground or come from another direction because you don't see one here, leading to care. Wow. That's, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So camped the night before entering returning to the city. What would you like to do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I use my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Knowledge of drink Korean again and try to figure out the thing with the occult thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ok cool so loved him.
Timothy Sackton: So just give me a straight intelligence check no disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's
Timothy Sackton: Now, I mean, you
Timothy Sackton: That it's not something that you are going to remember
Timothy Sackton: You're not particularly a linguist, you're not, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want to try to remember the thing about the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Shaft.
Mike Sackton: Well as that. That's my
Timothy Sackton: Perception. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You also, it's just it's lost. Yeah, I'm ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome charged
Timothy Sackton: Good question. Haha.
Timothy Sackton: It. Let's see. Let me count how many days. Has it been
Timothy Sackton: Said no because you're used at
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we can pawn Carolyn.
Timothy Sackton: In fact is charged
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Word.
Timothy Sackton: It's been eight days since you were inside the toxins. You talk to us.
Mike Sackton: Probably like about a week. Should we try a
Eric Rosenbaum: Like think way too hard about this.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think
Timothy Sackton: So,
David: I think we should ask it how it works and what kinds of questions I can answer.
Mike Sackton: Meta. I like that. That's like asking a genie. For more wishes that might not work.
Timothy Sackton: By the way, seeker over the course of this six days as you've been tinkering with the goggles on you. Ah, you sort of you figure out the details of the goggles, um,
Timothy Sackton: If you go to to the end beyond if you search for goggles of object reading
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's, I mean the equipment, I should be in
Timothy Sackton: No, it's click on Manage equipment and then
Timothy Sackton: Wait.
Timothy Sackton: Why isn't it showing up.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we get goggles.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I wonder if it's
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh goggles of object reading
Timothy Sackton: Well, hold on. I'll just add them to your I can add them to your character sheet.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why they're
Timothy Sackton: Now, they're not showing up for me either.
David: I like that secrets just accumulating more and more sets of goggles.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not going to stop here, folks.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Wait, how did you get those to show up.
David: I breast magic items.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why I can't add them to your
Timothy Sackton: That's so weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did you browse magic.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you know what, I bet it is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't really know. Anyway, I'll fix it. I don't want to take the time now. I'll fix it later. But that's what they do. You have to attune to them. But once you're tuned they let you cast identify to identify magic items once per day as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool.
Timothy Sackton: And it gives you an advantage on intelligence or kind of checks and extra details as
Timothy Sackton: You are interested in them from
Eric Rosenbaum: Us the goggles to identify the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: And answer the question.
Eric Rosenbaum: That will be was gonna ask it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, so that we can ask it another
Eric Rosenbaum: Classroom question.
David: We don't have to ask it. Where can we find your manual
Eric Rosenbaum: We can ask it, where the best places to go get breakfast in Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I use the goggles and think really hard about identification or whatever I do
Eric Rosenbaum: So here's the Gospels to cast it and
Timothy Sackton: So the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror shows
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: The answer to a question about a thing that you show it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Does it by reflecting the images of that things past and it's not always it always chose accurate images. It doesn't always show them in the
Timothy Sackton: Order or
Timothy Sackton: The in chronological order, or in the correct context.
Mike Sackton: So I have an ivory, scroll, scroll, cap from the scroll that summon the demon and Raven soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's an interesting one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait.
Mike Sackton: I also have some depth water from the pool of mist and Raven salt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we got a bunch of gets shifted here for the homeless. I also have. I also have the staff from the fucking
Mike Sackton: The hobgoblin at the beginning.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then I like I think the scroll Captain interesting thing. That's an interesting question. Like, who who cast the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on. Let's just, let's just we hit. We had a week. So let's just let's just pull all of our items and make sure we're asking the right thing. This is
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. I am a charge faster in Kerala, because there's a lot of ley lines there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either way, let's let's gather up what what other what other interesting word other word items to be, have you have a bunch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of my character sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can learn the true backstory of taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: His adventures before me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've also got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Weird
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I
Eric Rosenbaum: Mean
David: The acidic occurs stuff. What's that
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That was around the neck of one of the nodes you killed in
Timothy Sackton: Ravens hold
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On. So I basically smear.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I have the fire elemental Jim thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like what objects is closest to the storyline of God.
Eric Rosenbaum: If any
Eric Rosenbaum: None maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but what's the, what's the, what's the thing that you have that dollars.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's from where the
Eric Rosenbaum: Summoning circle was ravens hold by the stream. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the river.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's, it's the cap of a scroll case that you picked up off the ground next to a small pile of ash.
Timothy Sackton: Outside the summoning circle where you fought the demonic plant creature by the by the poison stream in ravens hold
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's added that is pretty fucking good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it so it might just learn it was like, oh, the demon guy that we killed was the one that kind of says bill or something. It could be somebody else.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you all think I feel it's pretty interesting.
David: I think it's worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I get. I get my journal out
Eric Rosenbaum: And you get some answers today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As it gets out whatever the equivalent of tag. Our popcorn is
Timothy Sackton: So what are you going to ask
Eric Rosenbaum: I would like later on to hold it up in front of the Temple of chicken, but
Eric Rosenbaum: Also object.
Timothy Sackton: Might work.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it has working, we, we asked a question about an object and show it the object.
Yep.
Timothy Sackton: You ask you ask a question about something that is reflected in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
David: Not an object. The hell is this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or like, what's the story of this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did this come from will her past this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: Why you need to know.
Mike Sackton: Why was this cast
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why was this past
Mike Sackton: Why was this used
Mike Sackton: That might just show us pictures of a spell.
David: Where's the person who used the snow.
Eric Rosenbaum: will snap.
Mike Sackton: Am I getting ready for it.
David: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I might be breaking the rules.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't be a person
Mike Sackton: We don't really know if it's realistic air like
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's good to, like, tell us a story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I was gonna say what is the story of this
Mike Sackton: Do you think how
Do we
Mike Sackton: How do we, how was this used to summon. I mean, would it be worth knowing about the actual ritual, maybe not.
Timothy Sackton: So just to clarify, um, it's
Timothy Sackton: It reveals history. It does not reveal it cannot answer any question that you might possibly pose.
Timothy Sackton: But reveals the history of something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Focus, but
Timothy Sackton: Question, but it won't always answer exactly the question you you ask, it's it'll show you in the history, guided by the question, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That actually is already useful. So even asking, what is the history of this item would show us like
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully it's good enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How it got created, stuff like that. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do we, I mean, can we just ask it. Tell us. Tell me about this idea, where does it need to be more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, tell me about this item. That's good.
Timothy Sackton: That doesn't have to be specific at all, just if you get a question you can basically the way to think of it as you can attempt to guide the images. You see, by asking a question you ask a very specific question like, how does this door open. It's
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Timothy Sackton: Right. If you ask a very
Timothy Sackton: You know, if you ask a
Timothy Sackton: very abstract question like,
Timothy Sackton: Why did someone use this item.
Timothy Sackton: It might not. It might just show you a random scenes from the history of the item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but this is good, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Understanding general history about this thing would be would be very useful.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you
Timothy Sackton: Know that
Timothy Sackton: The history of the of the ivory scroll cap.
Timothy Sackton: For your return
Eric Rosenbaum: The history of the every school well
Mike Sackton: That's gonna be why. How about how about let's try and focus it a little bit on the history of
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's scroll, not the cab.
Mike Sackton: How it was
Mike Sackton: Might be like show guys a picture of an elephant. Right.
David: owned it and used it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I want to know how it ended, how it got separated. Let's do the history of how this got separated from the rest of its natural scroll
Mike Sackton: It's like, yeah, it's just part of an item. Right.
Mike Sackton: That might join us at least the picture of the ritual right
Timothy Sackton: Saw your hand out who's holding up that who's holding up the skullcap
Mike Sackton: That was well
Timothy Sackton: And why what precisely are you going to say
Mike Sackton: Tell me about the
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: I want to know about who
Mike Sackton: Tell me about how you were
Mike Sackton: First made and how you were last used
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a charisma jack
Eric Rosenbaum: That's kind of two questions.
Mike Sackton: That is kind of two questions, that's cheating a little bit, but the intended stop me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now just roll at the sex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is good that's good.
Timothy Sackton: You see,
Timothy Sackton: That the image. The image fades to black.
Timothy Sackton: And then you see
Timothy Sackton: A brief flash of what looks like a
Timothy Sackton: You know, a sort of dark workshop
Timothy Sackton: You see, like,
Timothy Sackton: A bench with tools scattered across that
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's a forge in the background.
Timothy Sackton: Wherever you are, is dark, whether it's underground or at night.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's a brief of flare of light.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: You see,
Timothy Sackton: So you can't hear any sound, but you see what looks like.
Timothy Sackton: Shadows flickering
Timothy Sackton: In the, you know, in the flash of light, there's there's someone or something dancing and
Timothy Sackton: Rhythmically almost like a chance
Timothy Sackton: And as as this proceeds again.
Timothy Sackton: This continues for, you know, a few seconds and then
Timothy Sackton: Suddenly the scene cuts away and you see lying on the bench.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a
Timothy Sackton: So it's like something disassembled into four pieces. There's the you see this sort of
Timothy Sackton: And it's not finished. There's like this I recap of this school. And then there's
Timothy Sackton: A piece of skin.
Timothy Sackton: You know, not sure what kind of skin, but it doesn't look animal
Timothy Sackton: Human or or dwarves, or something laid out like being cured like leather and then a nother piece of ivory and the two pieces of ivory are are sort of being there's like a rhythmic noise as they're being carved with something iron
Timothy Sackton: And as as they're being carved there's letters being burned into the just sort of appearing in flames out of this piece of skin and it begins to curl up and then there's another flash of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: And the theme.
Timothy Sackton: Goes black for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then you see
Timothy Sackton: A hand.
Timothy Sackton: Reach
Timothy Sackton: reach him wearing a black glove can't make it any features of dark black love reach and lift this thing up and then fasten on the two
Timothy Sackton: The two ends and hold hold this thing and those those burst again another burst of light as something
Timothy Sackton: Emerging let something is sealed. Something is
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of it feels like magic being done and you can see now a
Timothy Sackton: The shape in the shadow is more distinct and it is a creature
Timothy Sackton: With a long Barb's tail and
Timothy Sackton: two horns.
Timothy Sackton: And It cleanses us fist on this thing and then the America is black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the thing that we killed in the Ravens whole did it have two horns and a sale.
Timothy Sackton: It looks not quite like the thing you killed it had a spike it had a barbed spike on its tail and it had like
Timothy Sackton: Almost like goat horns instead of these look more like pointed curved horns, but it seemed very, you know, D. Many
Timothy Sackton: As far as you could tell
Mike Sackton: By two questions, but is there enough detail that if we found the workshop we would recommend
Timothy Sackton: Raw
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't dark right
Mike Sackton: That darkness and helps the the dark
Timothy Sackton: Mirror doesn't have
Mike Sackton: The other question is, is there any hint. I mean, presumably not but any hint that would help us isolate a time period where culture.
Timothy Sackton: Mean
Timothy Sackton: I know
Mike Sackton: It's not like a reading room in the great library or
Timothy Sackton: Something. No, no, no, no, taught at the time period felt
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Not any specific detail that you could point to exactly but
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: Atmosphere, you got was, was this was this was oh
Timothy Sackton: As far as culture. I mean, it clearly seems
Timothy Sackton: To the extent, somebody is
Timothy Sackton: In describing spouse onto the onto leather made out of the flash of humans clearly evil, but like hard to get a particularly specific and
Mike Sackton: Wait, was the demon, devil creature, the one holding the scroll
Mike Sackton: Yes. Okay, so it probably wasn't, it wasn't made by a human.
Mike Sackton: Know, got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all see what was happening in the mirror.
Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is what we technical, but I think true the mirror should be reflecting kind of the content and information already. So that was night vision actually work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: Shouldn't the mirror be reflecting what the demon creature could see
Mike Sackton: Like if somebody
Timothy Sackton: If you shine. If somebody is projecting a movie of a dark room and you sign a flashlight on it. Does the Roman the movie get brighter.
Mike Sackton: If it's magical
Eric Rosenbaum: Not an LCD screen.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's crazy Whitefield presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like if you, if you like. Turn your head if you like, move to different sides and like see different stuff right over here is
Mike Sackton: The other question is, is there any hint. I'm going to give up on trying to see in the dark in the mirror, because I think that's a dead end. But
Mike Sackton: Is there any like
Mike Sackton: What I mean is there any information we might know through I don't know in our Connor check that would give some or a religion. Check that would give some context to human scroll, you know,
Mike Sackton: Spells created on human scrolls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question is about that. That's
Timothy Sackton: A Yeah. Ah, either our content or religion or history. Anybody who's proficient in any of those skills can take a crack at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, finally. I know something
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, so, so both of you have sort of different windows into this, this
Timothy Sackton: Dog down with this is, um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Demon summoning
Timothy Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: The only context in which you've seen this side I should start again. There's two contexts and which dealt with you've seen as in the sort of Elven culture, this kind of
Timothy Sackton: Use
Of
Timothy Sackton: Human skin and fire and blood. One is
Timothy Sackton: necromancy
Timothy Sackton: The other is
Timothy Sackton: For
Timothy Sackton: Things for for creating magic that is trying to
Timothy Sackton: Bind or create connections or tie
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: World of toggle the material plane to the extra dimensional realms of the primordial gods of humans. So, so basically like the best and and the nine house I'm
Timothy Sackton: The energy of the sort of human belief that powers those domains is
Timothy Sackton: You can, as can be used to power the magic used to
Timothy Sackton: Summon creatures or open portals to those realms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your nine hills.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are nine house.
Timothy Sackton: At least, I mean, there's the infinite of best. And then there's the nine house.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there's like infinite plus nine house.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Say,
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's not go there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like people like must
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see years doing an
Artist like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be like
Mike Sackton: Like real places that you can map there. The you know imaginings of humanity. They probably change all the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then there's also
Eric Rosenbaum: Like the dream world and the plane of magic Costa to really, you know,
Mike Sackton: What does change all the time today. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but think about like just even even given
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oracle tradition, right, like there are always people trying to map like the ways that like, you know, having intersects with how
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like there's got to be all kinds of
Eric Rosenbaum: Making elaborate mathematical theories of how they relate to each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The great libraries got their own my conception of like kind of how all of these different areas like intersect. Even the occult places that Enzo actually knows about. I'm sure there's different like visa how they think about these different
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Planes and all this stuff right
Eric Rosenbaum: You still have like
Timothy Sackton: Deep secret of the universe from your background that you haven't used
Timothy Sackton: Your, your background trait is done from the lock and mysteries. You've learned a deep secret of the universe.
Timothy Sackton: And you couldn't decide what you want it to be so it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Another quantum
Eric Rosenbaum: Character. That's awesome. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Forgot about that. I like having a quantum terror.
But wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somewhere in charge, and there must be a college of meta cosmology or something like a group of
Eric Rosenbaum: Like minded seekers.
Eric Rosenbaum: People
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, Kenzo should know some of this stuff. Right. It's like from from locking like mystical occult stuff like, or at least he must have some view of it like at least one view of
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you want to have a detailed picture, you'd have to use your
Timothy Sackton: Your hidden knowledge on that.
Timothy Sackton: Though like basic overview that there's like other planes, there's, you know, there's some that are like sort of close to tag are like the dream world or the or the Fei Fei round the FE wild of the flake.
Timothy Sackton: You know, fake creatures and some that are like far away like
Timothy Sackton: The how the nine house and and you know the the
Timothy Sackton: Eyeball area which is like the nature heaven. And like other you know there would be
Timothy Sackton: I haven't like
Timothy Sackton: Worked out the details, but like, you know, the
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the
Timothy Sackton: The gods all have to live somewhere. And so where they live is in these other. I mean, that's how you would have your sort of basic understanding is the rounds of the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were ever
Eric Rosenbaum: Dealt with was imprisoned.
Timothy Sackton: Which is yet another maybe sort of conceptually similar to the a wild and that it's like close to town are then those things like the plane and magic, which you can see the sort of
Timothy Sackton: Well seeker anyway can see the like physical intersections between the plane a magic and the world. That's what ley lines are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about
Consciousness.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you've had some experiences of that. But, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Is unless you want to use your quantum secret, you don't really have
Timothy Sackton: much deeper than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that fist of planar power Kenzo I noticed
Eric Rosenbaum: Something unexpectedly weird happened when you punch that Knoll
Eric Rosenbaum: Weren't you twisting, not just energy in this world, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, the player.
Eric Rosenbaum: From another one is that the plane of consciousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, this is, this is, this is where I when I when I meditate. This is where I community and explores the point of consciousness, Tim. I'm assuming
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean you experience it as sort of
Timothy Sackton: Reaching out to
Timothy Sackton: You don't have the ability to like sort of move around in it right you sort of you sort of when you meditate, you, you, you.
Timothy Sackton: You're kind of reaching for this other place and you can sort of sense it and the distance of your perception, but you've only had a few moments when you've really seen it clearly. But you can kind of reach for it. And if you reach for it and twist in the right way, though the world changes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if that's
Eric Rosenbaum: How runes work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of like try to imitate Kansas punching gesture.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I can do that with the plane of magic. Oh, be cool.
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: It'd be like casting a spell with a room, but just directly
Eric Rosenbaum: Forcing the energy from one plane into another
Eric Rosenbaum: seems dangerous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You take that route. And it got its course.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, all that was just torn to pieces torn to pieces millennia ago by the giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: That invented all this stuff as far as we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the rooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So demons from the abyss, the ninth house.
Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's somehow responsible for what happened at ruined sold and probably these other places too.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they can only
Eric Rosenbaum: Jump into this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Organizing power that relies on the belief of people here. Is that true
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it not the transition between worlds that relies on that, but they're very existence in first place
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Just means you haven't deeply studied human theology, your, you know, dwarves are
Timothy Sackton: Towards what you mean you you're
Timothy Sackton: proficient in, you're not proficient in religion or you see care so
Eric Rosenbaum: I have three
Timothy Sackton: And half. Perfect. Yeah, I think that's just your half proficiency. That's from i mean you know little bit about everything because of study and training. But yeah, you haven't like carefully studied human
Timothy Sackton: Human gods are weird. They're not
Timothy Sackton: They're not real, in the sense that that dwarfing gods are real, like they
Timothy Sackton: You know, from your perspective, seeker. They're like these.
Timothy Sackton: Family femoral thing that
Timothy Sackton: People could just make up new ones. And that doesn't you know you've never paid much attention to like human theology fervent dwarfing God's they're solid day
Timothy Sackton: That the firstborn, the bars all day exist and they're there, and they learned things from giants and they taught them to you. And they're like,
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: To have this independent existence in the eternal and
Timothy Sackton: You know, very dwarf and look like they're solid and
He
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Must be a like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: historical stories and a cult history and shit about like demons and other planes and stuff like that. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Like yeah so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what do we know what do we know about like historical what kinds of mine is some some shit about that, like, what, what we know about weird humans and other you know the abyss and nine house and stuff like that. And there are other instances of demons like crossing over and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's all Charlton's full moon.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, I mean there are stories.
Timothy Sackton: That are sort of two kinds of stories so
Timothy Sackton: One kind of store. That's right. Common is
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: People who want power.
Timothy Sackton: And who trade something oftentimes their soul, but sometimes something else to some extra dimensional entity, usually a
Mike Sackton: Devil. I'll be right back.
Timothy Sackton: In exchange for that power.
Timothy Sackton: So, you know, just like in in, you know, real human mythology. There's like plenty of stories of people who you know wizards who wanted to know that the secrets of fire and so sold their soul to the devil and
Timothy Sackton: Maybe learn the secrets of fire and then and then vanish when their tower burned down
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Timothy Sackton: sort of idea that there is something out there that you can
Timothy Sackton: bargain with for power at great cost.
Timothy Sackton: If
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's definitely common
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but is there like any historical example of like large scale like war like, you know, looking armies of demons crossing over from another plane and like fighting you know kingdoms and shit.
Timothy Sackton: So armies of demons know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or even like like armies of Knowles like you know like this level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of infestation Stevens from another planet.
Timothy Sackton: So the other story. Um, the other kind of story that's relatively not common, but not unheard of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it feels to you more like like this story like the story of ravens hold and and and done more. It's, it's stories of
Timothy Sackton: Some kind of corruptions I'm kind of just chaotic force of destruction of
Timothy Sackton: Of anger or, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Past Jillian's or hunger or blood loss, you know, spilling over from from somewhere and
Timothy Sackton: You know there are there are stories of like demonic corruption that that spills out of
Timothy Sackton: A very evil deed or you know somebody who
Timothy Sackton: You know sacrifice.
Timothy Sackton: Something for power, who who killed somebody out you know who killed their family in a bid for glory and got
Timothy Sackton: Endless blood lost in in exchange stories like this stories of
Timothy Sackton: Of this sign, kind of like creeping evil spreading across the land traceable to some breached between the
Timothy Sackton: The world some
Timothy Sackton: Some hole or some great actor some
Timothy Sackton: Working of magic that that let in this kind of corruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there was some great act of evil that can be
This
Eric Rosenbaum: Corruption can be told to
Timothy Sackton: Right. And then there's sorry there's a third kind of story which is that, um, you know, majors who wizards usually wizards, but sometimes you know anybody who can manipulate magic who summon beings from other plans to do their bidding.
Timothy Sackton: And that's risky and dangerous and doesn't always go the way you expect to but you know stories of demon summoning of of a wizard to who desired to rule a kingdom and summoned a demon to
Timothy Sackton: Aid him, that sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Again, not super common but not unheard of. Right. You know, these a lot, you get the sense there's a lot of sort of, it's hard to sort truth, at least from your
Timothy Sackton: That the stories that you've heard and you all would have heard stories like this, but it's hard to sort truth from
Timothy Sackton: You know, morality play from, you know, spooky bedtime story from
Timothy Sackton: Mistaken
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's not like there's a record and you know there's, you know, there's definitely people who who have claimed they've they've seen this right um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's not like the Demon Wars of 2300 or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Right. There's, there was there's never been a sort of historical record of some great war that was fought by with demons on one side and humans, on the other, or something like that. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This may be the largest scale manifestation of this phenomenon in recorded history. What's going on right now.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean, there are certainly other recorded instances of of like of Knowles attacks right this is certainly not the largest know rampage that's ever been recorded.
Eric Rosenbaum: I shouldn't do this. I'll just tease.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Should we take, like, five minutes just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that. Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Take a five minute break.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here in Oakland. Now I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: How's your spot there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, now I'm in my sister's my sister's place, kind of in her room, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think as we shift into Cuba there and I got my own place. Looking at some some Airbnb. Just add not too far from here, so
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've been open
Eric Rosenbaum: A little bit. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: We doing there. So, in
Eric Rosenbaum: In January of last year. So like exactly a year ago I was there.
Eric Rosenbaum: For one day.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're in Oakland.
Eric Rosenbaum: I when like did a consulting gig talking to a Facebook about their VR stuff with Jay, but
Eric Rosenbaum: We visited some folks in in Oakland.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He has been to America before they open know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, that's like the half looking at places that are new that like I can like go for a nice walk each day.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it was in San Francisco proper actually went to one of the best mini golf experiences that there was creating indoor like steampunk mini golf was like super elaborate mechanical contraptions
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds awesome. We didn't shut down during the pandemic.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was pretty small closed in space so that be tricky, but who knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, go out of business. Like I guessing it would not be open ever but
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mike and Tim, are there any interesting political things that we should know about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in general.
Mike Sackton: Are there, like
Mike Sackton: In what context.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also like reality.
little tidbits
Mike Sackton: Mitch McConnell's attempt to destroy the Senate Minority Leader
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm aware of that one. The power sharing agreement stuff.
Mike Sackton: I don't have any
Timothy Sackton: I haven't. Honestly, I have sort of not followed politics super much in the last three days.
After the America.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a renewed
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Now, I mean it's
Timothy Sackton: Not over. I still have to pay attention, but like I just need a break.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not over yet. No, that's the feeling
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Forces back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Close to just figuring everything out, I'm sure.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, um,
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec here, I just
Timothy Sackton: My gate.
Timothy Sackton: I just think this would work if you I don't know who has the mirror. But if you search
Timothy Sackton: That in d&d VR and you should be able to add that
Done this year.
Mike Sackton: Yep. Cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that. We're likely going to travel with this like wall sized mirror so we can ask it.
Now,
Timothy Sackton: It's meant to be a little bit of a pain to take advantage of.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I doubt we're ever going to get like houses and settle down to a town. It was like, that's not what happens in
Mike Sackton: Wow, we could like build a tower on a flying castle and use a captured giant or maybe a friendly giant who was his favorite because we gave back as eyes power it
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like how you're thinking there. I think that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It does, it does. I forget how fun it is to be like kind of semi demigods in the, in the end, but we've been so like, you know, we're still like creating still
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but it does happen. You're right.
Eric Rosenbaum: When
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You actually have like access to find castles and clicking diets like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will get there.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Five, four years morning
Timothy Sackton: The next morning, Dawn.
Timothy Sackton: Hot
Timothy Sackton: Dry dusty in the desert still waiting for the reins of summer to come
Timothy Sackton: You're maybe 1015 miles that most from Kara here and as you begin to
Timothy Sackton: head south, following the road that the sort of track that leads off the, the old trade road towards on the settlement of Kerala, that the refugees.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe what three weeks ago now roughly
Timothy Sackton: Departed on you can see as you begin to approach the red, red maze that forms the backdrop of Kerala looming in the background.
Timothy Sackton: As he got closer, you can see smoke rising from a few places in in Kerala, whether
Timothy Sackton: Fires
Timothy Sackton: intentionally set as campfires or something burning is not entirely clear from this distance
Timothy Sackton: And as you continue to walk.
Timothy Sackton: With your heavily loaded horses and your
Timothy Sackton: Mirror and adamantium and suit of armor.
Timothy Sackton: Clinging towards town.
Timothy Sackton: You come up on the rise.
Timothy Sackton: From which Kenzo you first just over a month ago looked down at the town below the oasis. The caravanserai
Timothy Sackton: Where you stayed the small clusters of
Timothy Sackton: Of hearts around the oasis palm trees and the Temple of sugar and carved into the rock of may set South
Timothy Sackton: To now a somewhat different scene.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a third of carola is destroyed smashed burned
Timothy Sackton: Crowd cracked beyond repair.
Timothy Sackton: Some parts of it have clearly burned the caravan sir, I. The, you know what, in parts of the structure, the colorful awnings that used to extend from every building on wooden poles have now are now just cracked ash in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: sat upon this hill.
Timothy Sackton: You see nine large graves.
Timothy Sackton: Bigger than human sized
Timothy Sackton: Laid out in a row pointing facing towards the open plains and deserts to the north simple markers just just plain stone markers, each one topped with a different carved wooden design.
Timothy Sackton: The palm trees that used to stand around the oasis.
Timothy Sackton: Have been cut down and burned and the marble clear marble pool that the water of the oasis bubbled into has been has cracked
Timothy Sackton: The extensive fortifications you built around the temple still stand, however, and as you cross the ridge. You see, I'm writing towards you.
Timothy Sackton: Six creatures.
Timothy Sackton: For centaurs
Timothy Sackton: I'm charging up the hell and behind them to done Marty on horseback, one of whom you recognize as have dark as the
Timothy Sackton: Leader of the band of warriors that protected the refugees heading towards toker
Timothy Sackton: The centers are writing slightly ahead of the Donmar a and as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: Things they are as you come over the ridge. They are you see them sort of charging up the slope towards you. Spears out posture ready to attack when they realize, take a look at you see an elf a dwarf halfway in a human.
Timothy Sackton: They wheel around circling you
Timothy Sackton: As a half hour rides up and sort of motions to them.
Timothy Sackton: I know these their, their friends. They're expected
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To be recognized as some harsh.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you. I mean you yes
Timothy Sackton: To the extent to which you reckon I mean
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I would say, you know, to humans all centers look like, to a certain extent, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you recognize these centers that says this is a
Timothy Sackton: Foreign dresses sent our band who you convinced to come south. The care.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To my soul site, I'm off dark
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then whenever I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whenever I can. After that I soul site, the center
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as as you are sort of turning to focus on on
Timothy Sackton: Have theirs or and concentrate on him he he speaks and he says,
Timothy Sackton: Welcome back. You've been expected. I'm sure it can dress and a lash will be quite eager to be
Timothy Sackton: Is not all been
Timothy Sackton: Starting roses here and terroir
Timothy Sackton: But thanks for having me intervention.
Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good finish. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I'm saying is the timely intervention of these
Timothy Sackton: And and kind aid of for Andreas and his
Timothy Sackton: Fellows.
Timothy Sackton: We were not overrun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopper. I thought you were supposed to be until now.
Timothy Sackton: I've been to Tokyo and back, you've been gone a long time friends.
Mike Sackton: Which actor
David: How long have we been gone
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see. You laughed on
Timothy Sackton: April.
Timothy Sackton: Seven.
Timothy Sackton: Years kind of April 24. So you've been gone. Not quite, three weeks.
David: Just confirming, we didn't lose any time. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: You
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: I mean sort of confirm that for you when you came out of the storm.
Brittany.
Timothy Sackton: So will you come
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we're here for. Good to see you all.
Timothy Sackton: He, you know, as he rides off, he sort of, you know, speaks briefly to the centers and one of them.
Timothy Sackton: One of them rides often and as he's writing down as hard guys writing down to the temple with you. He says, I'm sure after Andreas will want to be president for this conversation as well.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Let us say first speak with and and cancerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tumor the graves plausibly sent our grapes.
Timothy Sackton: Plausibly sent our grades. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So as you walk down to the town.
Timothy Sackton: Even though you only spent a short time there a few days you see bits and pieces of
Timothy Sackton: The, the town that you briefly new in ruins.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: You know the
Timothy Sackton: Crumbs
Timothy Sackton: caravanserai has the in the central gathering place the the
Timothy Sackton: Site of the
Timothy Sackton: AG remedy and
Timothy Sackton: His story is and and other things is seems the biggest loss.
Timothy Sackton: But down with your apartment is in ruins.
Timothy Sackton: The whole second floor of the the the
Timothy Sackton: Root the roof of the side of the whole second floor of the of that block with the tea house has been cracked and burned and crumbled in upon itself.
Timothy Sackton: And the peaceful shade trees that used to stand around the oasis are now.
Timothy Sackton: No longer there, and the hot sun now beats down I'm
Timothy Sackton: Evaporating the water and scorching the ground.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. You can see that the extensive
Timothy Sackton: Fortifications that you constructed seem to have weathered the storm. Although recently. Some have been cleared out to provide a more straightforward path.
Timothy Sackton: Through an into the template South
Timothy Sackton: And have Dr. Leaves you and says, I will return shortly, but
Timothy Sackton: I must go back, make sure that
Timothy Sackton: Throw Andres has
Timothy Sackton: Everything he needs and to check on the
Timothy Sackton: The rest of the patrols around town before I returned to speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: A lash and can dress up are waiting within
Timothy Sackton: So as you step into the inside the temple of show could there was a likeness. So the temple itself is carved into the into the cliff of the Mesa, but sort of extending out from the cliff. There's a small sort of set of outbuildings and
Timothy Sackton: You know, open rooms and things like that and
Timothy Sackton: One of these is the chamber in which he spoke to Kendra's
Timothy Sackton: You know now almost a month ago when you when you first met him after after returning from attacking the
Timothy Sackton: Dealing with the hyena rampaging I he knows I'm
Timothy Sackton: And it's, it's a
Timothy Sackton: Like a medium sized sort of, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Conference Room almost right. It's like a room with a
Timothy Sackton: Council room or something. There's a table in the middle, there's a series of chairs picture of water.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Kendra and a lash
Timothy Sackton: seemed like they were in the middle of conversation when I'm when you came over the
Timothy Sackton: The ridge and
Timothy Sackton: Hearing the commotion.
Timothy Sackton: And the noise of your approach have risen to greet you.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. So, Kendra Rosa looks
Timothy Sackton: old and tired.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he, he is a
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Relatively like he is a you know route not is not himself old. He's like a, you know, young middle aged imposing man with curly black hair and out and sort of striking figure, but he looks worn out, he's
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: hunched over bags around his eyes. Looks like he hasn't slept in a week or more
Timothy Sackton: And, you know, everywhere. He looks he's sort of looking around nervously and his hands are shaking and he seems to be jumping up the latest noises. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A lash looks, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Tired more
Timothy Sackton: Clearly on the road for a long time she's out she's our short
Timothy Sackton: Quick always moving woman black hair deeply tan skin young maybe in her mid late 20s and little maybe Kansas age or a tiny bit older, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Always sort of moving rambling jumping around. She is wearing deeply travel stay in close. She's probably been in the same robes for same cloak and same leathers for, you know, two and a half weeks now, but honestly not much different than you, who have a similar look about you.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And both of them then rise to greet you with looks of relief coming up at their face.
Timothy Sackton: Can't Rosa speaks first
Timothy Sackton: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: Almost shocked to see you.
Timothy Sackton: Says,
Timothy Sackton: I am so glad that you
Timothy Sackton: You are here when the novel's attacked. I was sure that was a sign that you are dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did the nose attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how many
Timothy Sackton: Hold on, let me look at my notes here.
Timothy Sackton: It was
Timothy Sackton: The first attack was
Timothy Sackton: Actually only a few days after you left
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: Don't even know how many there were. We were barricaded in the temple.
Timothy Sackton: You could hear this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what direction they came from.
Timothy Sackton: From the
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure they attacked us from the hill from from across the the
Timothy Sackton: The desert past the caravans Ryan towards the temple, but which direction they came from, I, I couldn't say we
Timothy Sackton: since you left
Timothy Sackton: Those of us who chose to remain here.
Timothy Sackton: Attacking the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Did not leave we stayed barricaded in our, what we thought was our place of safety.
Timothy Sackton: And so our first sign of their attack.
Timothy Sackton: Was the crash of buildings in Kerala and the sound of burning and fire.
Timothy Sackton: There was very little. We could do there was
Timothy Sackton: 50 or more of them.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: A number of them.
Timothy Sackton: Some turned and left maybe half the group.
Timothy Sackton: heading west.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm stayed
Timothy Sackton: set fire to the town.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Waited
Eric Rosenbaum: Did they try to enter the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, thanks.
Timothy Sackton: I think seeker only to your
Timothy Sackton: Aid.
Timothy Sackton: In the day is before we, before you departed where they are unable to breach our defenses.
Timothy Sackton: It was maybe
Timothy Sackton: Three days.
Timothy Sackton: After they arrived four days after they arrived those long days and nights of fire and fear blur together.
Timothy Sackton: That we heard the sound of huff's
Timothy Sackton: Charger from the north and the night
Timothy Sackton: Thinking, perhaps by some miracle have dar had returned hearing of our plate.
Timothy Sackton: We were surprised to see
Timothy Sackton: centaurs
Timothy Sackton: Band of almost 40 of them.
Timothy Sackton: They broke the siege and
Timothy Sackton: drove off the
Timothy Sackton: 30 or so.
Timothy Sackton: Knows that had remained
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Offered to
Timothy Sackton: Make camp and and help us and
Timothy Sackton: Said that
Timothy Sackton: They had been promised.
Timothy Sackton: Knowledge of dreams.
David: Promised is a strong statement.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: You know, whatever they asked is happy to provide
Timothy Sackton: It's now been
Timothy Sackton: It's now been eight days nine days since they broke the siege.
Timothy Sackton: And we've been slowly trying to rebuild
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meta game, wouldn't the because the Centaurs came because of us. So, wouldn't they have the Centaurs have told them, like, Hey, we're here. And then we also have some messages we told them to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We told them to warn the we told them to Patrick Byrne, we have like message to give them to pass on to can dress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At from us, like we said like, because we wanted to warn them about something. Remember, oh, because we
Timothy Sackton: Have water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so we have like a message to pass it on.
Eric Rosenbaum: But did they pass it. I mean, there's into ours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. But, but, you know, I mean, it's like they had like can dress with should know that we were the ones that sent the Centaurs
Mike Sackton: Descent tires might not have
Mike Sackton: Shared that
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. Right.
Fit.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but from the sounds of what, how can dress is reacting. It sounds like he doesn't know that we were the ones that set us apart.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, or he doesn't know it doesn't seem like this.
Hmm. Interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did the Centaurs share word from us to you.
Timothy Sackton: From you.
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: They said, What was his exact words.
Timothy Sackton: For address
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Seems to be the leader of the group.
Timothy Sackton: He had a very particular way of saying this is said
Timothy Sackton: I can't remember the exact phrasing, but
Timothy Sackton: A chance meeting.
Timothy Sackton: In an unexpected place.
Timothy Sackton: Brought him South
Timothy Sackton: With news of
Timothy Sackton: Danger and possible demonic corruption spreading from the North.
Timothy Sackton: Because he would not say more, other than to say
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: In these times.
Timothy Sackton: What was it he said, though.
Timothy Sackton: That that chance it was some metaphor, like the chance fall of a pebble can start an avalanche
Timothy Sackton: And speaking to strangers on the road.
Timothy Sackton: Was a mixed blessing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because they'll kind of last and like like it says like we can add the companions, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the sons are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They may have left out some key parts about the strangers that he met, kind of like laughs a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Looking at key parts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know, like making an obvious joke that we were this right
Now,
Timothy Sackton: Wow. If indeed you are able to convince them to turn south and a das
Timothy Sackton: carola is yet again enter Kuhn is yet again in your debt.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, alas, kind of, who's been sort of pacing and patiently.
Timothy Sackton: Sleeps up is, yes, yes, yes I this is great. Nice reunion. Wonderful. We must talk about news.
Timothy Sackton: What did you see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would love to hear your news as well.
David: Please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: As you know, me and my companions were tasked with
Timothy Sackton: In the end, it turned out to be a hot tired scary sometimes boring dangerous and
Timothy Sackton: Confusing ride to the south.
Timothy Sackton: It was a
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we had it, pass, pass, pass data first.
Timothy Sackton: And managed to a tightly. Avoid notice by anything that seemed to be moving there although it was very quiet.
Timothy Sackton: The knowledge that destroyed it seem to have moved on, perhaps
Timothy Sackton: The ones who attacked here is, is, well, that's my theory. Anyway, have dire have Doris less certain things, there may be more out there on the plains, but
Timothy Sackton: He was just writing back and forth between here in Tokyo and then back here with a bunch of people. So I don't know what he would have seen anyway.
Timothy Sackton: South Sudan ruins headed east from there as far east as Carson, I would not recommend going to Carson not
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Timothy Sackton: Don't go there one star scary streets.
Timothy Sackton: Seem to be quiet during the day but unnerving. We didn't want to stick around. We made camp, about five miles south of the town along the dry riverbed of the tractor River.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: I must say those nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: Visions of this red mist spreading through your body choking.
Timothy Sackton: Coughing blood bodies in the street.
Timothy Sackton: Not definitely. Stay away from there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see this, actually, or was it just dreams.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I only saw it as a dream.
Timothy Sackton: I think it was a dream.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it was at night and I was asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that natural we know of the historical plague.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, now that you mentioned it seeker. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that was
Timothy Sackton: Just about the
Timothy Sackton: Car Joe river was just about supposedly anyway. According to the histories. I've read in
Timothy Sackton: It's true that a lot of the history from those first 12 years after the Great War before the nyan dynasty was established are a little bit. Well, scattered is a nice way to put it.
Timothy Sackton: But from what I've read anyway. It does seem like that would have been about the Western most extent of the Red Death and so
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it's some lingering psychic ECHO.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, I did not make for a pleasant night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where you did your dream seemed like they were happening now, or happening. Years ago, another time.
Timothy Sackton: All my dreams happen in another time, Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know what I mean, like, Did it feel like this was hundreds of years ago and it feel like it was happening right now.
Timothy Sackton: I don't, I don't really know what you mean. It felt like a dream like I was
Timothy Sackton: Not myself I was somewhere else and walking through town, and then the red mist spread and I was choking and coughing blood and there were dead bodies in the street, and then I
Timothy Sackton: woke up feeling like I was struggling to breathe and realize that was just my mind playing tricks on me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean, did the town look like the town looks right now like as you were ahead when walking around in the daytime.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: It was
Timothy Sackton: She pauses, a minute, sort of like thinking deeply
Timothy Sackton: It was hard to make out details.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, we moved south of bed and washed for some time.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Maybe three days later.
Timothy Sackton: Around
Timothy Sackton: Let me just need to keep my timeline open here.
Timothy Sackton: Um, maybe two or three days later, we
Timothy Sackton: Decided to move on steaming thurs seeming no activity in Carson and not wanting to spend
Timothy Sackton: Any longer near that haunted place.
Timothy Sackton: Turn South
Timothy Sackton: Picked up the tracks of what seemed like a group of Knowles
Timothy Sackton: And followed tried to follow them eventually caught up with them.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Where were wave
Timothy Sackton: She like pulls out a map and and sort of sketches on it so
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So Carson's right above there and we were following them roughly Southwest. So there's maybe somewhere here on the edge of the sort of northern edge of the garden Jolla.
Timothy Sackton: That we caught up with them.
Timothy Sackton: There's maybe a group of 15 or 20
Timothy Sackton: About half.
Timothy Sackton: The same sort of no beasts like hyena men slobbering angry about half.
Timothy Sackton: That looked almost skeletal
Timothy Sackton: Flash stripping off of them seemingly
Timothy Sackton: To carrying
Timothy Sackton: They were weird to not want to get too close. So we hit out and watched
Timothy Sackton: For a little while followed them. Not sure what their ultimate goal was, but they seem to be moving slowly West
Timothy Sackton: drifting into the current Java desert itself.
Timothy Sackton: Not sure what they were eating out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did they camp or were they moving continuously
Timothy Sackton: Just moving slowly but moving
David: Which direction we're moving
Timothy Sackton: Like Southwest into the desert itself.
Timothy Sackton: Not having supplies or time or water to venture deep into the wastelands of the term a lot of we skirted the northern boundary
And
Timothy Sackton: came about as far west as as bad as it so right to a bit here before we started cutting back east heading for the sort of central
Timothy Sackton: Central plane here before turning West again.
Timothy Sackton: One odd things got scored it scouting around the north side of the garbage. All it seemed like we were not perhaps the only ones.
Timothy Sackton: Watching
Timothy Sackton: So while we were tracking them the novels. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: I noticed there was a
Timothy Sackton: large raven. That was not acting the way I would expect a bird to act. It seemed to be
Timothy Sackton: Soaring high above the Knowles and following them.
Timothy Sackton: seemed out of place like it was keeping watch or something. It's stuck with them for two, three hours before falling back
Timothy Sackton: And then a few hours later.
Timothy Sackton: Came out of the
Timothy Sackton: Northeast again caught up with the previous position and then headed south west into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Just sure what it means.
David: You're sure it was a raven it moved like
Timothy Sackton: I'm pretty confident in my
Timothy Sackton: Identification skills. I mean, it's not a spearpoint so you know I could be wrong but I spent a lot of time on the plains, it's it
Timothy Sackton: It was it was weird. I mean vultures yes buzzards I sometimes see those acting like that ravens don't usually go into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: There's not very many ravens around here, to be honest.
So that was weird.
Timothy Sackton: heading north
Timothy Sackton: The desert seemed very quiet.
Timothy Sackton: I was expecting more activity. You know, like
Timothy Sackton: Where did these Knowles come from.
Timothy Sackton: Center, be a source, shouldn't there be a
Timothy Sackton: I don't know somebody thing someone behind this not just
Timothy Sackton: Empty desert.
Timothy Sackton: And a band of it seemed like half eaten wanders aimlessly heading presumably to their deaths. Because honestly, I don't know how anyone would survive without food or water for weeks in the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Less so there's a map out now. Right.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So how close is where she's talking about to where I arrived at the beginning.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's the same Carson as the same place.
Mike Sackton: Okay, right, right, right.
Mike Sackton: I forgot I read
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you've got some skills and visual cartography and can you, can you give us a visual here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what are you asking for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A map but but in the three dimensional is that we can manipulate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but Alicia has this perfectly good paper map here that we can use unless there's something else you want to show comes up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to visualize the noles we need to. I want us to look and see where we've seen them ever, and where are they walking to and I will
I wonder
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because alleged well we have a long tail for you about the various things we've seen. But one thing we know for sure is that Raven household was a source for Knowles but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clearly there are likely others. And I think if we can have a reasonable track of what we've seen, we might be able to figure out if there are more more more more places where
Timothy Sackton: She starts I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking for space time no Victor's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, exactly. And I would love to them over time so that we can adjust and see the movements have been based on what we know when they were on what day
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can use minor illusion to make an animated
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fan of tiny Knowles and each place, but it was already drawing it. There was also
Timothy Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: So they're like an inch high little tiny
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I figured we need more panache I'm like some really cool I animated like the noles running and decaying as they're walking and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, sibling skillful
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
Timothy Sackton: So this is about
Timothy Sackton: Everything that you've seen plus plus the group at ravens hold right so there was the first attack a small band towards at carola right here. Then there was the attack at bass Judah and if lashes right that that same band moved on to attack carola then this era we continue, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was the recent like big attack that destroyed the town.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Then there's what's the lashes reporting heading into the desert from Carson moving this way. There's a small band of mostly emaciated skeletal muscles that you that you killed here, roughly, I guess, more like here.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's AA.
Timothy Sackton: Popped our briefly mentioned that there was a group, a small a small bands that they killed that was chasing after the
Timothy Sackton: Chasing after the refugees.
Eric Rosenbaum: Timmy Christopher trust that we went to was that here.
Timothy Sackton: That's this. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we didn't see any animals there.
Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And dealt with you woke up here.
Timothy Sackton: With woke up here.
Mike Sackton: Where is the how much do we actually know about the mystic boundary of the chicken that's finished. And where was it
Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you don't. You cannot draw where it was on the map you do happen to have a
Timothy Sackton: Speaker of Chicago and standing right here. If you would like to ask him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah you know that I can you
Timothy Sackton: Know that it ran through this. All you know is that it ran through this. I'm that
Timothy Sackton: This Canyon, the giant Canyon, the crack in the earth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was supposed to be there. There were supposed to be production there.
Mike Sackton: But it's gone.
Timothy Sackton: It used to. But yes, it's gone.
Mike Sackton: And what was it,
Was Carson extent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: I want to know if if
Mike Sackton: How far west. Did it go
Timothy Sackton: You are asked, Kendra, sir.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Timothy Sackton: I guess now there's no point in keeping such things hidden knowledge, unless we can find some way to restore it.
Timothy Sackton: the defense's ran this way.
Timothy Sackton: This way.
Timothy Sackton: along the eastern frontier western frontier of the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And then north to the mountains northeast to the mountains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you still don't know what cause because power to diminish.
Timothy Sackton: I don't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did that happen again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It happened at once, or did it fade over time.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to now.
Timothy Sackton: Show Coons protection.
Timothy Sackton: Was
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't a solid thing that you could watch disappear.
Timothy Sackton: cocoon is the master of
Timothy Sackton: Illusion and dreams.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Her protection was up a feeling a sense of confusion, a twisting maze, a
Timothy Sackton: illusion that those who would do done more harm would find themselves wandering and Kenyan bottoms and up the same slope again and again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can dress. I mean for you. When did you notice it. When did you the reason why I asked. This is because in our travels and this will be the past
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This just a month, two months there have been many dramatic shifts and changes that have occurred.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't think they're coincidences, and the disappearance of the protection is also I think coincides with this series of very strange events, so it'd be helpful to understand around when that occurred. See if we can put together a timeline of what's going on here.
Timothy Sackton: There are some things
Timothy Sackton: There are some secrets of my order, I cannot reveal
Timothy Sackton: But I can say that
Timothy Sackton: Sure Coons power.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I first noticed
Timothy Sackton: Shortcomings power waning.
Timothy Sackton: Some time ago.
Timothy Sackton: Months.
Timothy Sackton: early this year.
Timothy Sackton: And then he sort of
Timothy Sackton: Actually make a Persuasion check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Early not statements.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of looks around and looks at Dallas and he says,
Timothy Sackton: I couldn't, I couldn't date it precisely
Timothy Sackton: There are some things that
Timothy Sackton: Should Coons cease to speak to me and
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: When the
Timothy Sackton: When the borders felt it was a gradual. This is a gradual thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that that's just what I'm trying to understand, you know, was there a moment. That's something happened, or was it a corruption over time.
Trying to understand
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're
Timothy Sackton: In that sort of silence speaks up and says, Oh wait, I didn't tell you about the stone house.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just going to ask you, what else you saw
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Interesting. Now that
Timothy Sackton: Kendra has drawn these lines just right about here, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Well, no, it's a little bit South because it was in the desert, maybe, maybe here.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe just about there.
Timothy Sackton: As we are turning North
Timothy Sackton: There's nobody who lives out here, the garden jolla desert is
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's so you think you think this is a desert had
Timothy Sackton: Had South
Oops.
Timothy Sackton: Had South 120 miles and there's nothing but
Timothy Sackton: Sands and wastes as far as the eye can see.
Timothy Sackton: None of these sheltered rocks. None of these always sees
Timothy Sackton: We don't go there. Nobody goes there. How could anybody survive there.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: In Congress Lee perched
Timothy Sackton: With a you know a little
Timothy Sackton: Retaining wall shouting it from the sand.
Timothy Sackton: A courtyard, a well with water in it.
Timothy Sackton: Sandstone house with a garden goats chickens.
Timothy Sackton: And in with hay and see to feed them just sitting there.
Timothy Sackton: I tried. I tried to water it wasn't an illusion. I could chase down a chicken and pick it up and it squawked at me and pick pack that my hand.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Nobody was there.
Timothy Sackton: To eat it and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, somebody had been there.
Timothy Sackton: It was very neat. It was swept clean
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: chickens were fad. So it couldn't have been too long ago within a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, identifying artifacts. Do you take anything from the site.
Timothy Sackton: No, why would I take something from the site.
Mike Sackton: I'm not a leader you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys are like stands in front of the horse blocking the view.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well Pat our pocket.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, some historical artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: Have great value and worth worth recovering and understanding but just taking something from somebody's house.
Terrible.
Timothy Sackton: No, but was it somebody's house. This was very weird to me.
Timothy Sackton: But we couldn't stay. I mean, I wasn't going to camp out in the middle of desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, any other case any more about anything else on the house and yet any items any, you know, was it a farm was it
Timothy Sackton: One person there was, you know, a pot, there was
Timothy Sackton: You know, some cooking utensils. I have strong bad clothes.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a couple of like walking staffs in the corner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a little strange, but could you tell the gender of who is living there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What they did what their occupation was if they farmed if they
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were there.
Timothy Sackton: Were occupation seem to be magically summoning water from sand.
Timothy Sackton: Was my guess. Anyway,
Timothy Sackton: And eating the chicken that they're magical sand water kept alive.
Timothy Sackton: Now why that seemed like an appealing occupation to anybody. I don't know. There was a chest
Timothy Sackton: But I didn't rummage through it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any like conference you know badges. Is that a goddess mother on them like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Invited speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't say that. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it was weird. Oh, and the other thing you should know. So I told you about the raven. But there was something else strange
Timothy Sackton: Strange. I don't know if strange is the word. So, you know, I don't know if you know this, but those who live around here. I've certainly heard rumors about
Timothy Sackton: You know, our tribes that live deep in the blasted planes and if you know anything about done. Murray history, you'll know that they've been well a few points in our history, there has been attacks, there has been raids out of the east from the Maha River Valley of various or tribes.
Timothy Sackton: But they are not
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: I've never talked to one. So what do I know but
Timothy Sackton: If you listen to the history is if you read the books.
Timothy Sackton: They are not a organized people, they are not a
Timothy Sackton: You know, they do not form armies with scouts and forward.
Timothy Sackton: You know forward parties scouting the way they do not you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got organized
Timothy Sackton: Do not organized so
Timothy Sackton: To Oryx scouts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something's organizing them.
Timothy Sackton: traveling alone in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: No sign of their
Timothy Sackton: Tribe behind them. I mean sure there's outriders right but you know if this were
Timothy Sackton: While if this were like the hordes that have come across the plains in the history books, they would be
Timothy Sackton: 1000 screaming bloodthirsty warmongering
Timothy Sackton: Works coming behind the outriders not silence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You draw where you saw the Orcs and where there were only on the left.
Timothy Sackton: Didn't get too close to them because I really didn't want to
Timothy Sackton: Didn't want them to see us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Where did you see them.
Timothy Sackton: They were
Timothy Sackton: We saw them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then you're the stone house.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: So we came this way past the stone house. They weren't like maybe here. Just before we turned West for bass Udo along the edge of the canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You tell where they're going, what direction they're moving
Timothy Sackton: South
Timothy Sackton: Maybe last
Timothy Sackton: We didn't track them for long.
Timothy Sackton: I was nervous. I kept maybe I've read too many stories, there's
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the tales. There's always
Timothy Sackton: 1000 screaming Banshees coming up the next hill right and I didn't really wasn't, you know, I can ride fast, sure, but
Timothy Sackton: Writing fast with an orc court chasing you to
Timothy Sackton: Your friends and family at home did not seem really like a smart move. So we kept low and out of sight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just put a little x on the map there Reese on them so be
Timothy Sackton: So maybe here.
Timothy Sackton: And the stone house was maybe here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can dress. So we have one and again there's much we can tell in details there in but maybe one very important question just to provide some clarity, if there is any of you heard of a gotta dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Dust mother, you say,
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I've not heard the name a gotta
Timothy Sackton: Do you think maybe the old woman of the dusts is the same thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us more.
Timothy Sackton: So there is a story.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I have never seen her myself, but there is a story that there is an old woman in the desert, who has some kind of magic.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of person that
Mike Sackton: lives in a house with some chickens and magic water.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's that Elvis schumer again.
Timothy Sackton: Hard to know sort of
Timothy Sackton: Us. Anyway, the mother of the, what did it. What did I just call her the
Timothy Sackton: The old woman of the dust sigh I have it written down somewhere. I'm the old woman of the dust, there's
Timothy Sackton: She's the sort of person you go to when you need something and don't quite know how to get it, but somehow it never go is right for you.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: People say supposedly the old mother of the dusts lives about a day's journey, south of bass EDA on the edge of the challah desert.
Timothy Sackton: I guess that would be roughly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where that happens.
Timothy Sackton: No, it would be like roughly roughly like roughly like here.
Timothy Sackton: This is what people say anyway.
Timothy Sackton: And they say,
Timothy Sackton: She's lived there for 50 6080 100 years dried up, like the desert.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I've not seen her don't know what else would live out there certainly looks human looks old but human
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You seen her.
Timothy Sackton: I have not seen her. This is just what people say.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: It's the
Timothy Sackton: It's the sort of magic you only
Timothy Sackton: Reach for when you're desperate.
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Your child is second won't get better and everything that we have tried will not fix it. And so you go to the desert and you ask
Timothy Sackton: The old woman of the dusts and she says,
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Give me, give your daughter this push and give your child this potion, but I will need your right thumb and exchange.
Timothy Sackton: And you do it because what else can you do
Timothy Sackton: And you come back to town and you give your daughter the potion and she is cured.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Years later,
Timothy Sackton: Whenever you're, you know,
Timothy Sackton: lying there wondering, did I do the right thing, struggling to, you know, survive farming making a living missing your right thumb.
Timothy Sackton: You wake up after having dreams of somebody else using your thumb.
Timothy Sackton: On the other hand,
Timothy Sackton: And you question whether you make the right choice. It's that sort of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing I would ever have anything to do with
Timothy Sackton: The name sounds similar
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very
David: I might have to leave it there for the night.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just gonna say it's getting a bit. Wait.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good. I think that's a good
Timothy Sackton: Ending note as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's think about him. That was interesting. Thank you.
Yeah.